Would you support term limits for Congressmen and women?  Do believe our country has an unjust war on the male population.?  Will you remove the penalty for not having health coverage?  What is your stance on government funding to Planned Parenthood facilities?  What is going to be done about all the welfare.  Everyone I know that is on gove  The president serves republicans & democrats.Should they campaign for one party?  GDP growth is at slowest since WWII, how will you improve economic growth?  How would fight crime since law enforcement is mostly a state responsibility?  Why, as an average American, should I trust you? Why should I vote for You?  Which leg of our nuclear triad is the weakest and needs upgrading? Why?  Do you believe the elected/appointed are a 'ruling class' ?  Given the info Bush Admin. had about Bin Laden determined to strike using planes  Obama care is a train wreck, what will you do to fix healthcare   As president how will you act to ensure the public ALL Americans are equal under  Is it moral to kill innocent people in the name of "spreading freedom"?  How would you assist South Korea if they were invaded or bombed by North Korea?  Chris B.  What's your attitude towards relations with Russia?  How will you vet refugees and build up military  Why should the American people trust you with the highest office in the country?  ID a plan to address too many students labeled ADD/LD & no scores  support dx.?  If Illegals are deported, where would the MILLIONS in savings be reallocated?   When will you declare anti vaccine people a hate group?  Are you concerned that voters are having to pick the lesser of two evils?  Who is the better leader:  President Obama or Mr. Putin?   Why?  Can productive citizens keep more of their money so they can create more jobs?  What do you see the role of your spouse being as an example for our children?  What is the role of decency in a presidential campaign?  Will you release Don Seigleman, railroaded prisoner of the Bush Admin.?  How will you get government out of the way of small business growth?  How can the government assure free exercise of religion in divisive issues?  What is the role of the US in the conflict over Kashmir?  Social issues aside, when both parties share donors how are they different?  Social issues aside, both parties share donors so how are they different?  Why don't we invest money into our intercities instead of immigration.  Why do you romance celebrities that employ 5-10 people directly but attack Execs  How do you stand on the issue of term limits for Congress?   The Affordable Care Act has its problems; in what ways would you change it?  Do you believe the constitution should be strictly interpreted as written?   What can be done to insure that non-citizens do not vote in federal elections?  Discuss Roe v. Wade used as a birth control method, misuse of fed-funds/&health?  Would you support the one subject per bill Movement?   Do you believe that our military deserve better pay and health services?  Do you foresee any places currently under the radar that could pose a National  Should women be allowed to make their own reproductive decisions?  Which department of the executive branch do you cut off first?  Do you realise that the TSA is an incredibly ineffective branch of government?  Besides Iran & Syria what nation is the greatest threat to Peace in the MidEast?  What is your stance on vaccinations?   Should our energy policy emphasize any particular sector and if so what and why?  what are your plans for the people with deferred act for childhood arrivals?  In the next 10 yrs, what country poses. greatest geopolitical threat to the US  Will you support federal government regulation of telecommunication companies?  Syrian Refugees  What would you do to restore public trust in the Justice Department and the IRS?  What is your position on US citizens being taxed on overseas income?  What specific actions would you take to stimulate GDP growth and create jobs?  Why is no one talking about closing the loop holes in the free trade agreement.  Do you support depoliticizing and auditing the Federal Reserve?  What are your specific plans to combat climate change?  Why do you believe that we need stronger federal regulation?  Do you believe empty houses would better benefit our US citizens or refrugees?  If we had a truly borderless society (other than the U.S.) where would you live?  Will you release from prison people who have been imprisoned for life for minor   What mistakes have you made, and what did you learn from them?  Should automobile makers be allowed to sell directly to the consumer?  How do you think that you and your coalition can stop home grown terrorism?  Do you think that single parents need to pay more in taxes than the rich?  Should government officials resign immediately when laws are proven to be broken  Can the average American follow your path to success or are you elite?  How do you propose to fix the current problems in the Affordable Care Act?  Would you favor increasing the number of unskilled visas currently at 5,000/yr?  Will you promise to take down the website "petitions.whitehouse.gov" website?  What is the max percentage that should be taken by the government?  Aren't all these new rules and initiatives going to overwhelm us?  What is YOUR one-term proposition?  Given your published tax plan what is a fair tax rate for everyone?  Why are elected officials held at a diff. standard  Will you pass a law that requires Candidates to release tax returns?   How many times have both of you visited Flint, Michigan since the water crisis?  Why can't just plain unbiased Americans be the moderator and ask questions?  What will you do to bring people of different religions and races together?  What are your plans to work with Congress to balance the United States budget?  My health ins is worse now then 8 yrs ago, what will you do to make it better ?  As President, how will you deal with antagonism from foreign states?  Do you support universal coverage?  What could be done to stop bullying and the high rate of suicide among students?  Do you plan to apologize to Pres. Obama for your role in the Birther controverse  If you were to lose the election, how will you continue to fight for children?  If military enrollment goes down, would you enact the draft policy for war?  In the future should the Presidential Election be decided by Popular vote  How would you deal with various factions in Syria: Assad, ISIS, Russia,refugees?  Aside from 'rebuilding our Infrastructure"  - how will you create more jobs?  As President, will you protect the lives of the unborn?  What will you do to strengthen American Agriculture?   What does "taking responsibility" mean to you?  What are your thoughts on limited number of terms in the Senate and the House?  How will you address the Affordable Care Act's failures?  How do you feel about utilizing stem cells for Alzheimer's Disease?  If Israel is attacked with a miniaturized Nuclear device, what would you do?  How will your Tax Plan help grow the economy and create more jobs?  Yes or no, should the federal government abolish the Department of Education?  What will you do to preserve the integrity of the constitution?  Should Americans have more access to all Presidential candidates in the debates?  If a "Benghazi" type event occurs, how would you safely remove US personnel?  How will you balance the budget  Wasteful spending and the growth of the federal government   What is your position on the "Death Tax" (Estate Tax)?  If a recession were to occur on your watch, what action would you take?  How do you plan on helping lower class citizens?  Our elderly worked years to pay into their #SS,don't they deserve it ?  Should people who willfully destroy subpoenaed documents be allowed to be POTUS?  how do you plan to reduce the influence of corporate donations on our elections?  Would you support a flat tax for all citizens if Congress passed the legislation  Yes or no, is entitlement spending currently over 60% of the budget sustainable?  Do you support the removal of Marijuana as a Schedule I regulated drug?  How have you enhanced civil rights, reduced racism and improved women's lives?  Do you believe our country has right/obligation to determine immigration policy?  Why do legal citizens have no voice in deciding how many immigrants come in?   Does America's Energy Industry have your full support, including oil and coal?  What do we get for all the money we spend on the UN?   Should the president give pardons for corruption, fraud, destroying evidence?  Why do we allow illegal immigrant to take American jobs and allow terrorist?  How will you stop illegal immigrants & dead people from voting & voter fraud?   What will you do to insure that Christians are free to follow their conscience?  How will you combat weapons of mass financial destruction on the US economy?  What would you say to an immigrant still waiting in line for years to live here?  Will you support a two-term limit for congress?  Would you support law limiting new immigrants access to welfare programs?   Help Americans first! 
How many new wars do you hope to entangle the US in? Where and against whom?  Is bankruptcy ever a consideration for the United States?  If elected, how will you unify the different factions of this country?  Will you abolish the selective service?  Do you support reducing the scope of Department of Transportation?   How would you level the playing field for Americans living abroad?  Do you support adding a constitutional amendment allowing peaceful succession?  How will you reduce federal interference with K-12 education system?  What is your plan for dismantling social security?  At the end of your 4 years, what would you like your legacy to be?  Our 2 choices in 2016 have record unpopularity, how would you reform elections?  Do you support ending the requirement to obtain concealed carry permits?   What would you do to remedy teachers who are not covered by social security?   What is the most important, defining principle of America and why?  Would you continue the current policy of reducing military benefits & manpower?  What are the best qualities in a leader and how do you embody those qualities?  How would you assist startup companies in 3d bio-printing to be successful.  You are betting differently on climate change, what happens if your bet is wrong  What is your position on US military spending?  You're very rich, where do you get info about the priorities of the rest of us?  Is govt handling student loans a sound fiscal policy?    Is there a civic/moral duty to pay taxes to support military & govt  services?  Does the constitution need to be modernised for today's society?   How will you restore honor and respect for our national traditions?  In five words or less, tell Americans why they should vote for you?  Would you be willing to give up your wealth in order to become President.  How are you going to make our military the strongest in the world?  What is radical Islamic terrorism, and what would you do specifically about it?  Would you modify the Bill of Rights ratified in 1791 for today's society?  Our system of government seems to be broken....how can you fix It?  Planetary overpopulation?  US spends ~twice as much/person as other advanced countries on health care. Why  Describe sources of information you used to develop your climate change position  Do you feel that our Nation is more racially divided than it was 8 years ago?  What would you do to decrease the amount of able bodied Americans on welfare?  Are you not willing to debate with Gary Johnson because you are intimidated?  What are your solutions to reversing or at least addressing climate change?  How would you ensure that classified material is safeguarded?  How will you make sure that corruption is eliminated in the Government?  What will you do specifically to protect the people's right to bear arms?  Do you support the Federal Reserve's strip mining of middle class?  ~20% of US kids live in poverty, how do you justify this in a rich country?  what if anything would you do about lobbying in American Government?  What is your plan to help the estimated 40,000 homeless veterans? 
your thoughts of black lives matter and how would you work with the Black commun  If he were alive today, who would Jesus support in the 2016 election, and why?  What would you do to make it possible for people to start a small business?  Do you have business in foreign countries that could pose a conflict of interest  how can you stop racism?How can you stop hating each other?  Why isnt integrity, number one on the list to run for Potus?  Would you support free tuition of students who got a degree in a STEM disciple?  Would you rather deport all illegals or try to rework the system, and why?   How will address corporate intrusion and unwanted influence at every level of  Do you feel like the growing distrust of our judicial system and the belief   Do males and females learn differently?  Will the Candidates close the tax loopholes that Wealthy have been using   Is experience really good even when there is not much to show for it?  Before becoming president, you must take an oath.  Are you a Freemason?  Is money capital?  How do you think your contoversies would have been viewed had you been black  How will you support the physically challenged to lead better lives?  Why isn't monarchy the best form of government?  People are going about different ways to get money out of politics.   What are your views on eradication of the electoral college?  Is abortion linked to breast cancer?  Is sex primarily for procreation?  How will you address the civil asset forfeiture laws being abused by states?   Is democracy a good form of government?  WHAT PREVENTS A PRESIDENT FROM TALKING ABOUT CLASSFIED INFO WITH THEIR SPOUSE>  What is truth?  What is the difference between males and females?  In the Washington Post, Sanders commented on 3rd parties in regards to debates.   Would your administration support FOIA so requestors don't need to file lawsuits  Why do we have to run government like a business?  What will you do to end offshore corporate loopholes and tax safe havens?  Have you paid your fair share of federal income tax?  What are your motives for becoming the next President of the United States?  Tax code   Are contraceptives health care?  How will you help teachers with graduate level degrees pay off student loans?  How do you see you and your running mate working together in your term?  How will you increase the population of the workforce?  Governor Brown of California signed into law legislation that requires  Why blame North Korea in its  pursuit of nuclear arms capability?  Support for our Police Officers  How will you lower healthcare premiums to coincide with pers. income & inflation  how will you ensure ssa and medicare without privatization or stock market  Should you both step down and allow a new primary to take place?  How Big Is Your Stash and Will You Give US Some?  Would you support laws that would have the effect of eliminating media bias?  Mental health issues   Do you support the nation wide legalization of marijuana   What do you plan to accomplish during your first 100 days in office if you win?  what is your view on the effectiveness of the two party system?  How would you help the hard working poor start a business easier?  Will you commit to NOT supporting the USA as the world's police?  Which individuals will you consider to be key advisors during your presidency?  Can corporations benefit the general good of society and if so how?  What is your policy towards the Russian occupation and annexation of Crimea?  Deficit for 2016 is $590 billion.  How many years will you need to make this $0?  What are your plans for keeping illegal immigrants out of our country  Do you believe in a two party system?  Based on your temperament, how would you interact with your cabinet and congress  Describe the job description for the President of the United States .  Do you think Christianity should have anything to do with government decisions?  Does one have civil rights before birth?  Is there a truest religion? If so, which one?  Will you amend the Constitution to explicitly mention God?  Given both your history & backgrounds, why should we believe anything you say?  how will you stop the rash of mass shootings by white males?  What percentage of your income do you donate to charity?  How will you ensure democratic oversight of signals intelligence programs?  Will you continue using drone strikes as a primary method of counter-terrorism?  What policies can we adopt to decrease agricultural greenhouse gas emissions?  How will you ensure job security for coal and oil workers?  How would you be a positive role model?  would you put combat Troops in Syria or Iraq ?  Is the U.S. Constitution a sacred text?  How will you as president work to stem the tide of money in politics?  States rights versus federal mandates and control  Will you act to do away with the 2nd Amendment, as common sense dictates?   How, as President, would you decide between two bad choices   Would you support diverting 20 %  of foreign aid For veterans  health care  Why did you  opt out of the public financing   Do you believe that human actions, globally, have an effect on the climate?  How will you work with Government and not just your Party to stay Bipartisan?  Will you keep the Supreme Court balanced?  How will you fix the large deficit?   Decreasing healthcare costs   Would you persuade Russian leaders to revoke this anti-religion law?  Do you believe in the separation of Church and State?  Why or why not?  How will you help Americans with disabilities concerning criminal justice?  Do you oppose usury?  What will you do to see that retired miltary get an annual COL pay rase  What one specific would you change in NAFTA and its effect on US jobs/prices  What foreign leader do you admire and why?  Is abortion murder?  how do you plan to decrease the national debt?  Will you put advanced nuclear energy on the map again in  favor of nuclear bombs  Does the USA owe apologies to Japan for killing 200.000 civilians?  Name one job killing federal regulation you would eliminate?  Do Lawful citizens have the right to restrict the rights of other lawful citizen  Do you support removing the individual Mandate in Obamacare?  Are FEMA camps for Non Whites only or is everyone invited?  You are both flawed candidates, why should I vote for you?  Please outline exactly what you will do with the healthcare system.   should your personal life's conduct influence qualification for presidency?  is the national debt a problem to America and how do you plan to deal with it?  Will you call for a return to the rule of the nation  stated in the Constitution  Should presidential candidates be drug tested for presrciption and illegal drugs  Will you support coal mining and oil exploration in the US to end foreign use  Will you expose the falacies of human caused climate change.  Where is Yemen and why is it and it's leaders important to our country?  How do you plan to help balance employment and innovation?  What political statements or actions do you most wish you'd handled differently?  What would you do to stop media bias in elections?   Why should anyone vote for either of you?  How would you react if a cyberterrorism event affected our power infrastructure?  How would you control a Russia rising on the world stage?  Would you implement the Robinhood Tax?  Do you feel that you can hold a security clearance?  GMO food research is alarming. Discuss your stance on Monsato and food labeling.  Do you support the abolition of lobbying?  As President will you put Americans first in your policies ? If yes then how ?  What can you do as President to reduce State and Federal incarceration rates?  Would you support a law changing birthright US citizenship.  What measures will your administration take to reduce government waste?  Is it just for the fetus to have inconsistent constitutional protections? Why?  Will you act to create a comprehensive national voter information registry?  How can we ensure open access to internet news and all media?    Nationwide, an abortion can cost up to $1,500 in the first trimester alone.  Which do you support more, using fossil fuels or renewable energy?   How does a Bill become a Law?  How do you fell about the Alternative Minimum Tax, as it stands today?  Is there a just wage?  Name your biggest regret both personally and professionally.  What will you to do to improve our criminal justice system's sentencing?   How would you raise taxes on the wealthy to pay for Social Security?  How will you manage the decline of the fossil fuel industries to avoid a crash?  Explain your position on charter schools.   Many veterans have to work on Veterans Day, will you make it a "paid" day off.  Will you act to repeal Citizens United   More voters want to see more than just DNC & RNC candidates on the debate stage.  How will you deal with China's overwheming intrusion into our markets, jobs,   How you will ensure and protect the full civil rights of GLBT people in the US?  Do you supporr a flat tax or a consumption tax?  Will you pledge to run a campaign focused on issues for the next month?  Will both of you agree to step aside and let your VP's run in your place?  I have to donate plasma in order to afford my healthcare and prescription costs   Would you end fracking if it meant beating your opponent?  Why should we trust you with our national secrets?  Why is a FICO score required for employment after the crash?  Do you support the 1% Accountability Act?  What would you do if North Korea shot a bomb at either South Korea or the USA?  If DARPA develops an AI Robot Warrior, would you use that weapon against humans?  Is Geoengineering Legal and why is our government doing it without our approval?  Is weakening Palestine and strengthening Israel a way towards 2 states?  How would you work with representatives of all political parties to make change?  Is this subsidy to the US military industries unfair to other industries?  Do you agree that politicians especially Presidential candidates should tested   Are You A Member Of ANY Secret Societies?  Are you open to adopting/financing harm reduction programs like LEAD nationwide  Would you support a separate tax to fund the military?  How will you deport criminal illegals and prevent them from re-entering the USA  How would you help the hard working poor?  Is Law only important to a POTUS when convenient?  How can you assure your non-supporters that you will protect their interests?  Will you require woman to register with the Selective Service?  What damage could result from campaign contributions from foreign entities?    Does this makes the US an enabler of Israel's apartheid regime in the Westbank?  As President how will you get all branches of Government to work together.?  healthcare reform   Will you vow tonight to make Veteran's Day a national holiday?  Do you support a modern day Fairness Doctrine?  We need secure borders. Will you build a wall?  What are your steps to protecting/upgrading the infrastructures and Technologies  What would you do about the lack of paid maternal leave in this country?  Tobacco kills millions. Should nicotine be an FDA controlled substance?   How will you overcome partisan gridlock in Congress?  Will you provide Edward Snowden with a pardon?  Tonight, what words can you say that could inspire our nation?  Will each of you continue to have a Foundation in your name while in presidency?  How would your policies raise the level of education in our poorest citizens?  How will you work to remove the corrupting influence of money in elections?  What would you do to stop media bias in elections?   In what way do undocumented immigrants drive down wages?  What are the 3 main things you will focus on in the 1st year of your presidency  Both of you are wealthy. How did you earn your fortunes?  If elected President. What are your plans to create jobs that pay a living wage   How do you regard the millions of undocumented immigrants paying federal taxes?   What are you going to do about the $6.5 trillion missing by the Army?  Do you believe the current high rates of immigration are good for our country?  How would you deal with the Military-Industrial Complex and ending war?  Should protestors be punished for burning/wiping their shoes on our FLAG.  Why does the gov't allow companies to hire H1B instead of qualified citizens?  What would each candidate do to address the lack of affordable housing in cities  Do you support development of 4th generation nuclear power plants  How would each candidate insulate their business/foundation from decisions?  Do you agree that internet access should be a public utility and not a luxury?  Will you eliminate the board of education, when elected?   With the current and future advancements in technology, what steps should the go  Should the sexual history of candidates or spouses be a campaign issue?  What caused the great recession of 2007 and how would you prevent a recurrence?  Do you feel that a Presidential Candidate should have prior govt experience?  What is your viewpoint on government-funded school vouchers?    Is it acceptable to for men to "grab [women] by the pussy"?  Why are minority concerns being discussed instead of topics that impact Everyone  Would you support requiring citizens to re-register to vote every 10 years?  Would you be willing to take a US Citizenship test?  Explain the roles of parents, Church and government in raising children.  How would you gain the trust and support of all & unify the country?  How does gun control or stop-and-frisk change a lack of value for human life  How can America uphold national security?  What is your stance on Superdelegates and open primaries?   Why is it legal for corporations to replace well-educated US workers with H-1Bs?  How will you persecute those who violate existing gun laws?  How will you change the VA system so it is effective for ALL vets??  Should the CIA stop funding, training, protecting and recruiting for ISIS?  What powers would you leave to state or local governments?  What is a constituional republic?  What will you do to stop the human trafficking epidemic at the US-MEX border?  How will you make sure immigraton laws is followed?  Would you support a new law with regards to birthright citizenship?  What steps will you take to ensure election fraud does not occur in eletion 2018  What are your contributions to your foundation in time and money each year?  Is collateral damage for taking in refugees OK.  What is your acceptable loss #?  How would your administration support public school teachers?  Will you be open to putting Obama on trial for funding terrorism?     Should third party candidates be given a chance to debate? Why or why not?  How can you ensure NO conflict of interest with your business/ charities  How much did each candidate give to Charities on last year's tax returns?  Do you think Russia is a threat to the USA  Is it critical to protect the security of our voting & ballots?    Will you support the call to remove Saudi Arabia from the UN Human Rights panel  Should a presidential candidate be able to run while being investigated?  How would you change the kill shelters in every state to no-kill shelters?  Do you expect "bad guys" to pay attention to stricter gun laws?  Explain.  What is your view on school choice and allowing the free market to work?  Do you think the Federal Government has exceeded it's Constitutional authority?   Can federal standards be adjusted to help high functioning special ed students.  Will you curb the unprecedented attacks on federally funded research?  Do you acknowledge that evolution is real?  How will you fix the loopholes businesses find to avoid taxes?  How will you help people transition into an automated economy?  What is your plan to strengthen trust between communities & their police force?  Must hourly wages be calculated and set to provide for a living wage or higher?  What role should the federal goverment play in managing states' water rights?  Does rhe 2nd Amendment apply to black people in inner cities?  How will you eliminate rigged elections, illegal voters, and deceased voters?   Why don't you ever include yourself when talking about taxing the 1%?  Is it time to hold our elected officials accountable for their lies?  Will you support separate tax rates for married couples?  ISIS  Voting reform   Do you believe it's right for illegal immigrants to go to college?  Taxes and "Paying Your Fair Share"  the number of muslim terrorist attacks is increasing at an alarming rate   What will you do to ensure immigration is based on the economic needs of the USA  Do you believe there is a wage gap in America?   What will you do upon taking office to reign in inflated health insurance costs?  Will you call terrorist acts on US soil "terrorism" and work to make us safer?  When will you replace surplus S.S. funds "borrowed" in 2001 by Bush for tax cuts  How would you strengthen the animal abuse laws?   Do you think America was founded as a "Christian" Nation?  Will you commit to put an end to sanctuary cities day one in office.  Do you prioritize protecting the ill and poor? How will you influence Congress?  How should disabled students be supported in our current school systems?  Do you feel NATO Bases are a justifiable expense at almost 1 Trillion annually?  Do you believe the Affordable Care Act is sustainable in its current form?  If "trickle down economics" doesn't work, explain how "trickle up" would.  Why should the American people believe that you'll deliver on your promises?  How do you plan to reform our immigration system? Specifically, speeding it up  How would you reform debates to make sure media bias is eliminated?  Do you believe the right to bear arms is an individual or collective right?  Are the teachings of Islam compatible with the U.S. Constitution?   Explain.   Are you in favor of making foreign law, such as Sharia Law, illegal within the U  What measures would you propose to support gun out-of-control legislation?  HOW MUCH OF EVERY TAX DOLLAR GOES TO USA IMMIGRANTS, BOTH LEGAL AND ILLEGAL?  Explain how career politicians often manage to become filthy rich?   How will you improve the ACA to lower costs, expand access, & improve coverage?  How will you bring jobs back from China and Mexico, be specific?  How will you ensure that your not letting terrorists from Syrian refugees.   What is your take on crony capitalism?  How would you handle an incursion of Russian troops in Ukraine?  Tell us specifically what your plans are to help small business.   How would you pay for free college ed. for all families earning <$1 million/yr?  Do you support E-Verify as a partial solution on the current immigration issue?  Why are Americans losing their jobs to H-1B visa replacements?    Almost 50% of the population do not pay taxes. Why is this acceptable?  What are the candidates' thoughts on the current influence of money in politics?  What is our capacity for refugees?  How will you as president protect marriages within the LGBT community.  Which is worse, inappropriate comments or a history of lying and deceit?  Should concealed carry permits be honored in all states as are drivers licenses.  Will you stop all the free services that illegal aliens receive so they leave?  Where do you stand on raising the minimum wage?  What will you as president do to stop the illegal births in the U.S.?    Would you support the reactivation of the Equal Rights Amendment movement?  What do you believe is an appropriate balance between privacy and security?  What are the differences among Shiites, Sunnis, Kurds, ISIS, and the Taliban?  Where do you stand on jobs being shipped overseas at the expense of U.S. workers  Will you close tax loop holes used by the rich and if so, how?  Do you believe the United States should remain a sovereign  nation?  Pipelines, Mining, & the Rights of Native Peoples   Should leave for death of a child be added to the FMLA?  How important is it to you to protect our federal lands and National Parks?   How will you handle corrupt banking practices besides levying fines?  If we have "free" college tuition, who actually pays for it?  Will you support the protection of  wild horse herds in the West?  What will you do about the continuing onslaught of rape culture in America?  How will increasing immigration by Syrian "refugees" NOT pose a threat to us?  Would you consider exempting social security benefits from taxation?  Will you support the Mandatory E-Verify Employment bill?   When can we start deporting criminal illegals ,since all broke the law already?  Would you consider doing away with the IRS and bringing about the flat tax?  Will you ensure that your attorney general prosecutes financial fraud?  If elected will you secure the border?  What is your plan to address the mounting student loan debt crisis? 
 Why should candidates release their federal tax returns?  Do you believe the media are biased to give your opponent  preferential treatmen  What would you do to stop giving taxpayer money to non-citizens?  Should the states that banned kratom reverse their bans?   How will you end the war on terror?  Nane three things about yourself that qualify you to be president.  Should our plans for stopping ISIS be made public in debates?  What does the 2nd Amendment guarantee to citizens of the US?  Why should taxpayers fund Planned parenthood?  How would you non-politicize the DOJ?   I want to know what you would do to IMPROVE the image of Law Enforcement  What will you do to motivate our citizens to achieve and do well?   what is your greatest contribution to society?  Would you accept donations from anyone that doesn't support rights for women?    Can you think of anything good to say about your opponent in this election?  Would you repeal the ACA and replace it with a true market-centric alternative?  Nane three things about yourself that qualify you to be president.  Should a felony be a life sentence?  How will you reduce unnecessary legislation?  Will you tell the public if you find a gov't agency violating our civil rights?  How would you handle a government employee who stores classified info in public  What will you do to change the educational requirements to attain a degree?  How is following existing tax laws demonized as "not paying your fair share"?  Do American's deserve direct answers to topic's that most concern American's?  How would you de-socialize and reduce the size of government?  How would you protect those of us in the most hated and mistrusted of minorities  Should special government office access be granted for foundation donations?   Will you resign presidency the same day the 1st American is killed by a refugee?  Would you veto any "turkeys" that Congress vote into the budget.  Your thoughts on Abolishing the 14th Amendment. Anchor Babies  Will you support our farmers and make it easier for them to stay in business?  Teacher's Rights  How would you  reverse the effects of LBJ's Great Society policies on families?  Why should American women cast their vote for you in November?  When was America "greater" than she is now?  What is the public opinion rating for your trustworthiness, and why is it so?    What is the meaning of life?  How can your personal interests be put behind the interests of the country?  How will you prevent government overreach for "debt free college?"  Why do we pay our own citizens to stay home & allow businesses to hire illegals?  Nane three createst threats to the U.S. and how would you deal with them.  How exactly would you change our trade deals?  Would you support making the AG position an elected one  Without revealing your detailed plan to defeat ISIS, demonstrate to us your  How will you direct military spending in order to best accomplish our goals?   Do you agree that a president should be impeached for betraying public trust?  Do you think mishandling of classified government doc's should be prosecuted?  how do  pay for free college education for household income $125,000.00 ?  What is one misperception people have about you that you'd like to change?   How would you improve medicare benifits for elderly and disabled   What will you do to provide meaningful services to those with mental illness?  Will you stop giving celebrities and big business figures access to government?  How would you solve tensions regarding race and religion?  Did you support selling our uranium to companies outside the USA? If so, Why?  How would you balance the budget  Will you repeal Obamacare?  What will you do concerning mental health. Concerning accommodation and care.  What would you do so events like Benghazi never happen again?   how do you plan to close the tax loop holes and retain American jobs  Do you think its unlawful to destroy evidence in a criminal investigation   Is the Iran deal a good deal? Explain  If elected would you fully uphold and defend the Constitution of the USA  Do you support a national paid sick leave law?  do you support increasing education and training for police officers?    U.S. airstrikes have killed over 1200 Syrian civilians & kids, what will you do?  Why are officials ignoring pipelines through Native American land?  As President, what would you do to return government to the people?  how can we afford affordable  healthcare when hospital costs are rising daily?  America spends 500 billion yearly on our military. Would you downsize?  Would you support a bill regulating spam email that wasn't signed up to receive?  What dollar figure is appropriate for the national minimum wage?  How do you plan to support Christian rights?  Do you agree that "Pay for Play" politic's are against the law?    What will you do to insure ALL Americans can afford healthcare?  The Constitution expressly mandates the separation of church and state.   How will you get Congress to break the gridlock and pass meaningful legislation?  What will you do to ensure that the treaties of Tribal Nations are protected?  Do you plan on labeling GMOS and stopping the over use of glyphosate?  To prevent Media Bias during Debates, should Moderators be chosen by the people?  Why was security so thin in Benghazi, even after the repeated requests for more?  What steps will you take to feed, clothe and shelter our own homeless? 
How will you help transgender students   Where Do You Stand On Genetically Modified Organism ?  do you still dream of a borderless free trade northern hemisphere.   Will you repeal Citizens United Ruling?  How will you contribute to decrease the stigma associated with mental health?  What specificaaly would you do to improve the US tax code?  Can a person so disrespectful towards so many hope to unite our nation? How?  Are you going to allow legal help for our soldiers and veterans?  What was your worst day on the job?What was the obstacle, how did u fix it?   What traits do you share with George Washington?  Should Abortion be illegal?   What have you done specifically to earn the trust of voters?  Would u be willing to revamp the Dept of Ed and implement diff. standards?  How will you ensure California farmers get the water needed to grow our food?  Will you let your eastern allies be easy prey for the Kremlin's hybrid war?  How would you hold landlords responsible for accurate income reports to the IRS?  Would either candidate give the their VP the undauting task of reforming the IRS  What is your position on digital piracy on Youtube? Should uploaders go to jail?  Are you willing to strengthen our trade laws by using reciprocity against China?  Would you consider a VAT tax to counties to replace insurance and pay salaries?   Is it fair to hold one candidate to a higher standard on protecting women?  Would you consider engaging in the yoke of oppression to make America great.  How would you reform the controversial current primary system?  Will you put in Federal limits to interest rates for student loans?  How will you make education more available for the financially troubled.   What have you done already to try to fix flaws you know of in the tax code?  What plan do you have for improving our  very diverse public school system?   To reduce greenhouse gases, should the government fund free-buses, not freeways?  How can we change the hiring process for police officers to get better recruits?  Should political parties be fined for not vetting nominees throughly   To reduce greenhouse gases, should the government fund free-buses, not freeways?  What is your plan for funding the education system?  Why is that plan effective?  If no one paid taxes for years, where would politicians salaries come from?  Will you subsidize & support non-renewable natural gas expansion in US & global?  Will you repeal the ACA and replace it with a market based plan that works?  What is your plan to address the influx of political refugees into the U.S.?  To protect 1st Amendment speech rights, would you repeal the Espionage Act?   Would you do anything to overturn the Supreme Court's ruling on same-sex marria?  What can individual Americans do to improve the country?   What will you do to decrease US overpopulation?  Will you support single payer healthcare system, meaning that it's paid by govt?  Does it benefit American citizens when you raise the taxes on middle-class?  What plan do you have for student loan debt?    How will you ensure college education creates workers who can adapt?  How would you increase science literacy and disparage pseudoscience?  Will you provide aid in the form of weapons and training to Islamic radicals?  How would your Administration handle a scandal that implicates the White House?  Does the attitude of your party towards the poor match the lessons in the bible?  Can you commit to stop bashing and name-calling and focus on the serious issues?  Would you support solar/green energy if it produced more jobs over coal/nat gas?  How would you repair trust between African American communities and the police?  What would you do to return political discourse to facts and civility?  CBO:Bush tax cuts returned $.32/$1. Would your tax cuts provide greater return?  Would you consider repealing Obama-care? what would you replace it with  ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION: Will you work to revoke the birthright citizenship?  How can you offer FREE college when Elementary and High Schools are suffering?  How will you save the babies, born addicted to drugs and control this issue?  Do your financial ties to foreign nations that preclude ability to govern?  How do you feel knowing that either way people see this election as who is the l  Can the President really take away gun rights?  What can a President do towards   Will you work on giving anyone under DACA an equal chance to serve the military?  Should we mandate independent vehicle inspections before purchase?  Would you consider having indebted federal govt file for bankruptcy protection?  can you ensure us that what you say in public is the same as in private  could government encourage mixed race marriage for the benefit of the country?  What should be the proper role and limits of environmental regulations?  Animals are being abused and slaughtered.What will you do to stop this atrocity?  Why do you want to be President of the United States?  Should we also build walls around public figures who are sexual predators?  Would repeal The Welfare Reform  Act of 1996?    As a voter who dislikes you both, tell me how you can earn my vote.  Will you apologize for all the lies that you told the American people?  Do you truly think in your hearts you deserve to be the president?  Why don't we spend the same amount on troops like we do on military weapons?  will you impose sanctions on the Saudis for their war crimes in Yemen?  In the future economy how will you prepare workers, taxes and markets to win?  When will you stop funding Israel with billions of dollars to kill Palestinians   don't you think it is undemocratic to exclude 3rd and 4th parties from debates?  Why everyone are allowed to have guns in US but not in any other countries?  Most lost manufacturing jobs are due to AUTOMATION.How could we bring them back?  Will net fact-checkers positively influence accountability among politicians?  Why did the birther movement gain so much traction in the first place?  What will you do about the closures of hospitals all over the country?  Executive bank and company scams... why do we pay (i.e., Wells Fargo)?  Are politicians inherently beholden to lobbyists and do we need an outsider?  How would you increase transparency in our government?  if someone admitted to sexual assault on video, should they turn themselves in?  Are you going to do something with the venezuelan situation?  Political tradition to Parton outgoing party will you continue that tradition?  Is a tax credit or deduction more beneficial to low income family? Why?  How do you plan to reconcile continued growth with Earth's carrying capacity?  Will you repeal the law which restricts Medicare from competing pill costs?  Will you pray and ask God for guidance before making decisions?  What will you do to reduce the surging rates of people at risk for diabetes?  Why is it so hard for an American Citizen to get his foreign wife into the USA?  How can you take the Oath of Office without upholding the 2nd Amendment?  If we were to build a wall in the Mexican border. What is the real cost?  Why do you think you would make a better president  than Jill Stien  Do you believe in insurance?  why should the US sacrifice so much for human rights/peace in the world?  Did you support the patriot act? why/why not?  Military sexual trauma is at an all time high how will you dress this issue  Would Repeal the 1996 illegal Immigration bill?  Will you condemn the Native riots in North Dakota and stand with America?  How specifically will YOU ensure young people are given the best education?  Why has violence against women been such a driving issue in this campaign  As a min-wage worker, you have $5 to make dinner for 4. What do you make?  How will you create more jobs for people over 50 who suddenly lose their jobs?  What are your views and supporting policies  on legal vs. illegal immigration?  Please tell a story about an individual person who benefited from your charity.  Why isn't there more help for middle income families with children?  Double dipping is a problem in our social programs - will you try to fix this?  What is your plan to eliminate illegal immigration to our country?   Are you in favor of removing the exemption clause from the 13th amendment to the  If elected, how involved will your Vice President be in your administration.  Discrimination in TechJobs for Immigrants when applying for full time position.  What will u do for the millions that fell off of unemployment & can't find work?  Why is the election so much about the candidates indiscretions?  What actions will you take to deal with the growing national teacher shortage?    Will Political Correctness enrich a society or harm it.  Will both of you voluntarily step down? Neither of you are acceptable   Climate Change is the biggest problem facing the world what are you going to do  What would you do as president to prevent companies from replacing American work  Do you support enhanced programs to  assure inclusion ol special needs kids   What is your plan to ensure the economy doesn't fail due to mass depeoration?  What problem/issue do you believe your opponent if elected would handle well?  Would you be willing to apply strict human rights criteria for arms transfers?  After many years why is the Southern Boarder Wall to Mexico not build?        When in our history do you think America was greatest?  Is Ukraine in Russia's legitimate sphere of influence, like Mexico to the U.S.?  What will you do to eliminate the power of corporations over our Republic?  What would you do to preserve and maintain multiemployee pensions for reirees?  What will you do to stop real jury tampering by judges?  Would you support a bill that allows people who sell guns legally to be sued  How can you reassure your voters that you will act in their best interest?  Will you end the use of corporal punishment in schools?  How do you think the Hyde Amendment affects different communities w/in the U.S.?  Is a zygote a human being?  What will you do regarding the United States embassy in Israel?  What will you do to make testing for Alzhiemers  gene more affordable?  How do you see offering H1 visa's to international students doing masters in USA  What are some policy's from the opposing candidate that you agree with?   What is the purpose of politics in America?  What's the difference between selfishness and self-interest?  If the election went to a 3rd party, which candidate would you prefer & why?  What will you do get back all of the benefits &voice denied to injured workers    Is there intelligent life elsewhere in the universe?  Do you support GMOs and shouldn't they be labeled?  How can you help to bring our culture back to a sense responsibility?  Why wouldn't School Choice work in the inner cities to reverse segregation?  Their's to much bipartisan politics  How will you bring Congress together?  What is your plan to restore true prosperity and financial security to American?  How will you deal with Chinese and Russian cyber warfare?  Why do you truly want to be president? To help the American people, or yourself?  Please tell us in your career how many jobs have you created and how?  you are historically unpopular and do not have the trust of the public, why?  How will you ensure better educational opportunities for students in all areas?  Why are you trustworthy? What past decisions prove you're the one?  If elected, how would you help students who may get drafted in the event of war?  How will you bring in at least another 200k Syrian refugees by the end of 2017?  Does a presidential candidate's attitude about sex matter re fitness for office?  Debate or defend "trickle down economics". When does it work? When does it fail?  Do you believe that capitalism has a moral component?  Where should government involvement draw the line in cap and trade policies?  do you see a need for increase govt funding in inner city youth programs?  Should Supreme Court justices be elected by diversity based on demographics?   How will you deal with higher interest payments if the Fed raises interest rates  What differences do you plan on making on the school system in the US?  What role does/should intellectual property have in innovation economy?  Did you win your party's nomination in a fair primary or was it rigged 4 u?  Will you stop the funding to the Palestinian Authority?  Share an example where you facilitated an agreement between 2  opposites.  What do you read and where do you get your news?  Other than the 1st & 2nd, which Constitutional Amendment is most vital in 2016?  When meeting voters what has been your most humbling experience?  What are your concrete commitment points about education for the poor?  Will you give back control of the debates to the League of Women Voters?  Will you stop the drone war?  Promise not to use a nuclear weapon unless another country uses one first?  What mostly qualifies your opponent to become a great president?  Do you believe in an afterlife? How often and for what/who do you pray?  By arming Saudi Arabia/Israel, is the US responsible for civilian casualties?  What is the Federal Govt's proper role  in regards to local law enforcement?  Will you release something demanded to demonstrate your transparency?  Opposing ideals are breaking America. How will you calm the infighting?  Do you support giving the general public the same low interest rates as corporat  Can you stop employers from asking references on job applications?    What is your position on public-urination laws?  Are K-12 non-profit public or for-profit private schools better?  Could alliance of the Neocons with Hillary mean we should expect a war?   What would you do about the increasing political violence?  What will you do to address the influence of money in our political system?  Will your focus be on helping the rich, the poor or the middle class?  W Y  T about Sterling telling his GF not to bring blacks to the Clipper games  What is your most appealing and least appealing personal trait?   Does the character of each candidate ensure that he/she will be a president?  Will you stop Syrian refugees from entering the United States?  Will you stand with science on GMO technology?  Do you think that presidential candidates should release all their tax returns?  Would you support an online voting system?  Name the 3 branches of federal govt, their powers, and why they are limited   Should the Presidnet know; tech issues, cyber, secure handling&remain class code  Do you surf? What do you plan to do about ocean pollution?   high school and college athletes often have an increased status on campus,   How do you plan to address the Central American migrant crisis?  How would you help protect America's small businesses from trademark bullies?  Would you say your fired or your hired to coal workers  How important do you consider art and music as subjects for study and practice?  At what income level should taxes be increased, and under what level reduced?  Should someone with a history of sexual harassment be running for President?  Should a candidate be disqualified if they have a recognized mental disorder?  What will you do to diversify the economy?  What will you do to change the failing Affordable Health Care Act?  Law enforcement, will you create/enforce rules of engagement?  What do you find in the other party that you wish your party would support?   How will you end white collar slavery?  What actions are in the interest of A Better Community For All?  Do you agree with and support the work of Margaret Sanger a racist eugenicist?  Would you be willing to lower the drinking age of alcohol to 18?  Would immigration bans on specific countries affect their cooperation with us?   Is the "Powel" doctrine still valid when committing American troops in war?  Can each of the candidates recite any part of the constitution or Bill of Rights  How to fix MSM back to its education based rather than political based bias?  Do voters deserve full disclosure of candidates' beliefs, actions, and finances?  How did you go about developing your tax plan proposal? Resources? Who involved?  What will you do to improve relations between law enforcement & the community?    Don't you think excessive debt is a serious risk to our economy?  Do you think the Presidency should be decided by a electoral vote college?  How do you feel about the Wikileaks hacks in regards to this election?  Iran has been given the capacity to make nuclear material under the nuclear deal  How can anyone trust you after all the  proven lies you have told us?  What is your plan for ending homelessness in America?  If you lose will you support the winner & ask your supporters to do the same?  Do the american people have the right to sue the Republican & Democratic parties  What do you want to be when you grow up?  What would you do to protect U.S. workers from losing Jobs to H-1B visa workers?  How the United States will do to protect environmental and southeast countries?  What specific things would you do to address the crisis in Syria?  Would repeal the Poirot Act?  Are you gonna still keep DACA for all those students out there with dreams.  would you reopen the 911 investigation and make the parties responsible for the   How does your tax plan make my day to day life better?  HOW WILL YOU DEMONSTRATE LEADERSHIP IN KINDNESS TO IMMIGRANTS ARRIVING HERE?  What would you do to help ordinary citizens participate in gov't at all levels?  What's your plan to take care of all the homeless children in this country?  Convince me of $15 minimum wage when I still get onions on my burger!  Independent advisory committee to oversee President's excesses.  Will you support a Civil Right To Counsel?  Would you support changing the law so that China can participate in the ISS?  Should only career politicians run for  the presidency?What about nonpoliticans?  If automation is killing jobs, why dont factories stay put with fewer workers r  How will you promote Hydroponics, Aquaponics and save the childrens future.  DACA, is it fair to citizens if people are able to illegally immigrate?  What are the top 3 factors Americans should use to measure your ability to lead?  What strategies would you employ to integrate our Muslim residents into the US.   Will you change policies that place discriminatory questions by Dr's?  Two specific answers on how to get Congress moving on our infrastructure?  Guns kill 100 times as many people as terrorists.  How can we be safe from guns?  EMAILS SHROUDED IN MYSTERY A OR BLATANT DISREGARD FOR REALITY?  What is your plan for making us the best in cyber?  Do you support the repeal of the Protection of the Lawful Commerce in Arms Act?  What, in your opinion, is the place of the bicycle in modern transportation?   What would you do to increase the number of citizens who vote in elections?  Which of your campaign promises do you feel 100% certain to be met in 6 months?  Do you support free college for low income Americans over helping employ them ?  Do you believe we are a Republic and not a Democracy?  Do you think reducing corporate taxes will bring back the economy of the '60s?  How would you react to offensive commentaries from foreign leaders?  What initiatives does the nominee expect you to lead as Vice President?  would you serve one term and not seek to be reelected   Would you support making baseball's Opening Day a national holiday?  Clearly state your position on the Second Amendment right to bear arms in the US  What can you do about providing better paying jobs or less taxes to Americans?  Can you tell the story of the exact personal moment you decided to run?  In a marriage, what is more immoral: cheating or getting cheated on?  Would you repeal the 1994 Crime bill?  What is your position on Honor Killings?  Will you continue to provoke sectarianism  like previous presidents?  Does America need to be the world's babysitter anymore?  Should women also have to register with the selective service as men do?  Can we stay Police of the world eventhough our economy is breaking down?  Does American interventionism have any place in today's world?  Do you believe the American Government has become an oligarchy?    What are you going to do to stop white policeman shooting black civilians ?  What is your stance on Alimony Reform?  Is there any reasonable doubt about the president's place of birth?  How do you feel knowing that either way people see this election as who is the l  What are you going to do to get millennials out of their parents basement?  What are capitalism's pros and cons, and how do you plan to address the cons?  Would you support mandatory  law  release IRS tax returns for Pres. candidates?   Why do you think your oppents supporters support him/her  What are your comprehensive, urban policies?  What will you do to bridge the opportunity gap between rural and urban America?  How do you intend to make college free of charge?  Name a moment you've disagreed on an issue or policy with your running mate  What makes America Great and what is your plan to make it great.  Would you support people who are bigots, racists and mysogynistic? Yes or no.  Do you believe in UFOs?  How can you increase the hourly wages for preschool  teachers   Identify the likeliest effect of a voucher system on the quality of education.  What will you do to stop the drought in California and other states?  When it comes to the future of America, what keeps you up at night?  Will you veto any bill which would reduce or eliminate import duties and taxes?  Why do you think you are a historically unpopular and untrustworthy candidate?  How are you going to address the actions of Putin destroying syria  In which specific ways are you cutting bureaucracy?  If you become president, what will you do to get both parties to work together  Are you for or against having our food labeled? NO to GMO's  How would you fix our broken healthcare system?  What are your plans on bringing more jobs back into the Untied States?  How did you not know what the letter, "C" meant on classified documents?  How much do you care about what the rest of the world thinks of the USA?  Why are you afraid of debating with Stein and Johnson?  Will you consider overhauling police training and standards to better serve us?  Why do you want to be the President of the USA?  Which 3 priority issues of your agenda will you get done in your first year?  will you prevent gov't employees from using private email servers?  Do you support using fossil fuels or clean energy alternatives for making energy  How important is seperation of church and state to you?    If you win, will you invoke executive privilege for your gun control desires?  How will you deal with for-profit prisons & rate of incarceration in the US?  Will you close tax loop holes that allow corporations and people avoid paying   Do you support Theodore Roosevelt`s  Square Deal and F.D.R New Deal?   Why is a woman's credibility so much more affected by her physical appearance?  Should we invest more in humanitarian aid rather than immigration?  How would you keep us out of war?  If our police and first responders are union our military should be unionized to  How will you support programs to ensure high school students graduate?  What will you do stop stop Agenda 21  CA is requiring Photo ID & State permit to buy ammo. Is this unconstitutional?  Can you clarify what your position is on global trade agreements?   Explain the 4th Amendment and how will you up hold it.  How can you lift our election process to a level of mutual respect and courtesy?  What is your position on the new settlements in the West Bank in Israel?  Other than that they offended people, what was wrong with the bus tape comments?  what about overreaching rule and regs on environment policy  by EPA killing jobs  What you will do: to stop Mexican Drug Cartel and stop Police killing civilians?  How do you plan to address income inequality?  Bin Laden is dead but Al Qaeda is as strong as ever-How is that progress?  How are you gonna give amnesty to illegals who work hard and not violate the law  How will you create better deportation courts & ensure citizens aren't deproted?  What do you plan to do to save the 16,000 children who starve to death every day  Are your health and financial disclosures important for the electorate to know.  Are you in Favor of article 5 convention of the states ?  What is your position on mass-medicating the public through water fluoridation?  How would over half a million refugees entering our states receive benefits?  2008 was the catalyst that ruined millions of American families lives.   What would you consider your worst trait?  How could  Political Debates such as this one be altered in the future?  What will you do to end our involvement in the conflicts in the Middle East?  How will you strengthen the U S dollar to keep it as the world reserve currency.  What would be your top criteria for selection of supreme court judges?  Rideshare drivers  Will you require public scrutiny of the tax returns of all your cabinet nominees  How will you bring political efficacy towards younger voters?    The link between vaccines and Dunning-Kruger Syndrome  Do you agree its time to cut military funding and fund other programs instead?  What are you doing to confirm the election is fair?  What determines the age limit for joining the military?  What will you do to fix unfair paternal custody agreements and child support   Name 3 of your biggest character flaws  What would you do to decrease the rising cost of rent and housing in California   Using specifics in your policies, explain why you're the least bad choice.  Would you support enforcing article 1, section 10 of the constitution?  How would you ensure that crucial issues will be a priority in your presidency?   What is the root of extremist ideologies in the Middle East?   Why are civil cases decided by a jury trial instead of a prepared Judges Trial?  Would you give a general pardon of opponent if you were elected?  Given leaks for both,how do you convince us you have integrity 2 B POTUS?  How would you specifically change or expand Obamacare?  Are you aware that Sharia Law has nothing to do with Islam?  What would you say to a non-trans kid forced to share a bathroom in school?  Will you commit to balancing the budget and reducing the countries debt?  What do you consider your biggest failure and what did the experience teach you?  Do you support a new Equal Rights Amendment and if not, why not?  School Programs  What specific secret society are you a member of?  What qualities of past presidents have you admired and why?   What will you do to help our currency, the dollar, survive?  What would you do if your spouse sexually assaulted someone?  If elected, how would you address the issue of GMO products?   Why you?  Why now?  What have you done and what will you do to address poverty in the US and  abroad  Do you believe that government created organizations should be political?  Compare & contrast your personal positions to the traditional ones of your party  WHAT ARE YOUR PLANS FOR FINALLY GETTING US OUT OF AFGHANISTAN?  What will your administration do to address the problem of Alzheimer's disease?  Would both of you agree to stop personal attacks for the rest of the election?  Would you be willing to make ENGLISH the official language of the United States?  How do you propose to bring back manufacturing jobs to the United States?  Don't ALL LIVES MATTER? What do you say to those who specify Black Lives Matter?  How effective is the "War on Terror" in terms of money spent and lives lost?  Where do you stand on support for the Aerospace industry and our space program?  How will you help make America's economy more sustainable AND competitive?  What is your response to the DNC fraud law suit?  Will you require churches change their teachings against abortion?  Corps. have 0 tolerance for sexual harass/racism-should pres be held similarly?  Can you please state, in a sentence or two, your position on charter schools?  Reductions in Federal Spending Toward a Balanced Budget  How did you amass your personal fortune?  Do you support Sharia Law to be practiced or implemented in the US?  What is the true role of government?  Would you sell all your businesses  to avoid conflict of interest as President?  How would you improve the enforcement of anti-discrimin. laws in the workplace?  How will you approach the threat of North Korea and nuclear arms development?  What is your position on legal immigration reform?   How would you tackle the enormous debt that our country has amassed?  Will you save the taxpayer an estimated 1 Trillion by abolishing nuclear weapons  How will you work with Congress  Whats your Stance on Israel? Should Americans be funding their military?  Will you support "one issue /one bill to stop mixed purpose bills  What would you do to make your administration more honest?   Why wouldn't a change to an actual popular vote work better?  Do you support a revenue-neutral, border adjusted carbon tax?  Isn't it about time to reinstitute the draft?  What will you do to make testing for Alzhiemers  gene more affordable?  Have white Americans been given more historical advantages than minorities?  Have you ever inherited an estate, and how much tax was paid as a result?  How will you impart civility, pragmatism, and compromise to move the US forward?  What is your average federal tax rate for the past 3 yrs.   What would you do to upgrade safety of, or shut down, our aging nuclear plants?  Name a person you respect who supports your opponent.  Explain your respect.   Do you think 2nd amen. rights can be kept while also ensuring public safety?   How would you make the military more responsible stewards of public money?  Do you favor the Earned Income Credit, or a Minimum Income to help the poor?  Should Chinese overseas students and their policies be inhibited?  How do we achieve prosperity for all in a finite world? How become sustainable?  Is ISIS the only problem of Syria?  How   Do you bring prosperit  back to Syria?  Will the US regime change effort in Syria give a more stable Syria than Libya?    how will you help small bus access loans to help us grow  Briefly explain why your OPPONENT would make the best candidate for president  Why do you believe that both candidates are the most disliked in U.S. history?  How will giving the rich more money via tax cuts induce them to create jobs?  Do you support architecture over infrastructure in preventing  immigration?  How do you intend to allocate expenditures on the military?    How would you respond to Putin's ultimatum to the next president about NATO?  How can you help those that don't fund your campaign?  Why are you not in N. Dakota protesting the pipeline right now?  What will you do to unlock the gridlock in congress?  What will you do to bring back Bernie Sanders?  Whats your stance on corporate regulations that protects Americans?  What would you do to help and handle the Syrian refugee crisis?   How much of a person's income should go to charities? To taxes?  How much money did you inherit from your parents and others in your family?  Is the current way we elected our President fair? Why or why not?  What can the US do to reduce the threat of nuclear weapons proliferation?  Lower unemployment rate or higher labor force participation?  How do you plan to pay for your proposals, whether its new spending or tax cuts.  Would you be able to identify sensitive government information?  (Besides the 2nd) What are the 2 most important amendments to the constitution?  What do you believe are the legitimate functions of government?  How do you intend on increasing Social Security and reducing taxes on it?  Your thoughts on "White Privilege" does it exist?  What would you do to help end the war in Syria with such huge loss of life   Are you in touch with Millennials ? What should we do for the future?   What is you opinion of the NSA, and what changes would you make to it, if any?  How would you improve educational opportunities for millions of scholl-aged chil  Wha does the person you would stop and frisk look like?  Will you stop bluffing during debates?  How would you increase GDP growth, and what data or studies support your ideas?  How will you support equity + excellence in US public schools preK-12?  Will you support congressional pay raises to be voted on by the people?  Support for 55-66 yr olds for jobs and health care  Should all anchor babies be deported back to homelands of the offending parent?  Would you support a Constitutional Amendment to end partisan gerrymandering?  What is your Day-One plan on black death?  Will you be mandating numerous vaccines for everyone?  How are you going to vet any refugees from Syria and let's include Mexico, etc.  Do you believe a US citizen's Second Amendment right should change by location?  Do you believe whistleblowers such as Edward Snowden to be traitors or heroes?  How do you plan to keep people working while robots take their jobs?  What will your administration do to end poverty or the effects of poverty?  Will the Obama Iran agreement prevent Iran from having nuclear weapons?  Will you support changes to nuclear fuel cycle and promote energy competition?  Discuss several lesser known but important nations (moderator choice at debate).  How will you bring hope and help to our youth and those at risk for suicide?  How will you work with Congress to pass meaningful legislation?  Do you support a ban on slavery?  will you keep the "DACA" program running and how?  How will you make the changes you want to make and still keep a safe budget?  b  Have you read 'Finnegan's Wake' by Joyce?  If so, would you briefly summarize it  Do nuke-equipped submarine commanders have more potential to launch 1st strike?  What is your position on Congress and them exempting themselves from many laws.  How much money should be spent on basic research in the sciences?   Would you support enforcing article 10, section 8 of the constitution?  What can the United States do to show support for Columbia's peace with FARC?  What is the hardest job you've ever had?  What would you do ( excluding Citizens United) to get money out of politics?  What is your plan for restoring diplomatic relations with Cuba?   Should GMO be labeled in all containing products? How will you react to changes?  Why aren't 1% held not accountable to same standards as rest of us?  How will you respond to other countries increasingly provocative actions?  How can seniors and persons with disabilities access needed benefits to survive?  May anyone now get off the hook for "carelessly handling" classified information  How will you as president create jobs by addressing climate change ?  What do you think of presidential candidates wearing an earpiece during debate?  Why is it legal for a presidential candidate to refuse to show tax returns?  How much would you value being respected as the leader of our country?  What specific steps would you take to ensure health care coverage for all?  Do you support more rigorous qualifications for the job of President of USA?  Do you support open borders and trade deals as they stand?  As Commander in Chief how would you punish sexual affenders?  How will you assure that physicians billing Medicare are competent in Geriatrics  What would you do to remove money from control of elections?  Explain why you are a role model for our children.  Will your focus be on helping the rich, the poor or the middle class?  How would you protect citizens with apposing views?  Do either of you consider yourselves affiliated with the Christian faith?  How can you enact your plans with a Congress in gridlock?  What would you do with D.A.C.A?  Would you repeal the Labor Management Act of 1947  Would you stop teenagers in high school selling and buying drugs and alcohol?  Would your declare our election systems critical infrastructure?  How will you handle international diplomacy with hostile and friendly nations?  Will you support abortion for women infected with the Zika virus?  With no evidence of significant voter fraud, the belief is that is is rampant  How will you punish those who destroy our economy and protect those effected?  What will you do about our failed War on Drugs?  Many Federal Legislators want to end the SSI/SSP Disability Programs. How do YOU  How will you keep Muslim terrorists out of our country  How will your tax and budget plan avoid increasing the national debt?   Does lowering taxes for the wealthy grow the economy?  What needs to change about NAFTA given the rise of anti-trade sentiments?  Will you pardon Edward Snowden?  How are free college and healthcare too expensive when 50+% of taxes pay 4 wars?  How will you work with Congress to move the country forward?  Is military spending the smallest it can safely be?  If you have private business ventures, what happens if you become president?  Do you think fractional reserve banking is a violation of contract?  Afghanistan, Iraq, Ukraine became more corrupt as a result of our support. Why?  How will you induce corporations to accept lower profits to keep jobs in US?  Would you support a Federal Usury Law to cap credit card interest rates at 12%?  Do you support requiring that all healthcare insurance companies be non profit   How would spending more taxes on military make us safer?   What is the most physically grueling job you've ever done?  How will the US regain its position as global peace-keeper and moderator?  Why won't you (candidate) denounce BLM or unauthorized mayhem?  Why should criminals be able to be up moving around breathing when they kill?  Do you believe that a person's genetics dictates their academic success?   Would you support a mandatory 50% of AGI Charity Deduction of the Wealthy?  Do you believe quota systems work?  Peter Riccio  Are you committed to drastically reducing the size of the federal government?  Illegal Immigration  How will you reduce financial inequality?  Will you hit the nuclear button on impulse & blame voters to destroy the world?  How do you feel about drug dealers getting more time in prison than rapist?  Will you eliminate legalized government corruption via lobbyist organizations?  What experience do you have that specifically qualifies you to be president?  What would happen if a female candidate spoke of grabbing men by their genitals?  Why do you think you would make a better president  than Gary Johnson  Can you say All Lives Matter?  How are you qualified to handle effectively our diplomatic relations?  Do you support the right of Muslims to own guns?  Will you halt the expansion of new oil pipelines like in N. Dakota?  What is your opinion about the status of Taiwan?  Do you think voters should know and agree before government accept refuges ?  Should the U.S. government ban Campaign Contributions from foreign governments?  What will you do to end mysogyny? In the workplace, in society, and online?  What is your position on this debate being rigged in favor of one candidate?  Compare the nuclear deals with North Korea  & Iran   The LGBT Community have alot of voters. How will you champion them?  American workers cannot compete fairly with " H1B foreign workers "  How will you fund Social Security and Medicare when so many jobs are offshored?  Why is $6 billion NOT accounted for at state department?  4-plex 100-panel solar homes are now generating enough energy to shut nukes  Explain your job & tax plans and explain how they'll benefit the non-wealthy.  Why is it okay to have a public position on policy and a private position?  Why do we allow our allies to support groups like ISIS and Al Qaeda?   Should a law should be passed to prevent government shutdown by Congress?  What will you do to maintain the real estate loss carry.  How would you foster small business growth, and what data supports your ideas?  What have, you learned about America from your opponents supporters?  Approval ratings for both candidates are at a record low.  Does the lowering of tax rates increase tax revenue?  How will you deal with Planned Obsolescence?   How do you plan to support self employed families?  What will you dobridge the divide in this country & more bipartisan gov?.  Should the people be able to vote on the issues nationwide?  The chief business of the American people is business. - Coolidge. Comments?  How would you end the existing polarization of our country & make us whole again  Wnat will the candidates do about human-exacerbated global climate change.  What steps will you take to improve our healthcare? Was Obamacare a good idea?  Other than the 1st & 2nd, which Constitutional Amendment is most vital in 2016?  Do you feel slavery is bad?  What, other than your families, do you think is your most important achievement?  Why do you want to president?  What tax loopholes would you close to ensure individuals, business pay fair   What would you do to safeguard our democracy from election fraud?  How would you strengthen small businesses?  What will you do to ensure that Israel remains a safe and independent country?  What do you think about our men that were murdered  in Benghazi ?  What will you do to support police given the increase in hostility against them?  How would you protect the United States reputation as a proud World Leader?  How will you bring about peace in the Middle East.  Why doesnt it matter how much evidence there is that Turkey supports ISIS ?  How would you attempt to end racial conflicts and  violence in our society?   Can you recognize the Armenian genocide now after elected?  Can you look at a world map and identify Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan and Syria?  we have now reached the limits to growth predicted 45 years ago.   How will you help immigrants who earned gradute and phds degrees from US in stem  Will you make it illegal for gov't officials to run charities while in office?  Can we begin the path to ending tax-exempt status for religious institutions?  Iran Agt - a Treaty subject to Senate ratification or a binding UN resolution?  Do you support limiting the election terms on all three executive branches?  In your opinion, when is going to war (or starting a war) justified?  What are your policies and strategies in the wars in the Middle East?   What would you do about Rodrigo Duterte and his rhetoric?  How do you feel (not think) about the civilians killed by the USA in the mideast  What legacy do you think,your campaign for President, will leave this country?  Would your administration fund Operation Ceasefire to reduce gun deaths?  How would you address the escalating violence in South Sudan?  Talk about a time when you changed your mind after receiving feedback  Who started the Birther Movement? You have both been accused of starting the   What programs have you implemented with other countries, giving specific details  high cost of living=lower quality of living with more crime?  What are you going to do about the homeless epidemic across America  How will you address the skilled labor shortage in America?  Will you eliminate tax subsidiaries to corporations who move jobs overseas  What are you going to do about money and politics?  Does the constitution protect a woman's right to choose abortion? Why or why not  How will you rid America of the Federal Reserve? Are you in favor of a Fed Audit  Will you expand requirements of states to post conviction DNA testing?  Explain business ethics and how they are applied today.  Will you require the FBI to keep more detailed crime statistics apart from race?  What will you change in current refugee vetting process to improve security?  Will the U.S. remain 'a shining city on a hill' for those facing persecution?  How will welfare and government assistance change for the better?  How would you react if Putin attacks Poland?  What advice do you have have to young people?  Respect For Women  Even if you support it, "Citizens united" is really Coroporatins united isn't it  What role do you see for unions in our current economy?  What is your stance on the EBT  program?  What is the difference between sexual harassment and sexual assault?  Do guns kill people?  Are all refugees being brought into the U.S. from Syria?  If not, where else?  Which current or former world leader do you admire and why?  What are your biggest mistakes? What have you learned from them?  How is a federal law made and what is the President's role in that process?  Will you start treating environmental issues as global civil rights issues?  Muslim Invasion and Terrorist training mosques.  Do you believe no one should be left behind when proudly serving our nation?   Is there any excuse for lying to military families about how their heroes died?   How can the US better support teachers and schools in need?  What will be done about the effects of business on the environment globally?  Would you nominate a public school graduate to the Supreme Court?   Should 3rd party candidates with FEC matching funds be allowed in the debates?  How you will make college  affordable for people of all socioeconomic groups?  Can you give and example how you can think outside the party box?  How do we insure that voters' rights are not compromised and fair and unbiased ?  What will you do to spur the creation of worker co-ops in this country?  How will you ensure that gov't employees & agencies comply with FOIA requests?  Will you ask Congress to fix laws that deny ACH the right to negotiate drug cos   At what dollar level does the national debt become a national emergency?  What will be your plans to stop the endless United States aggression?  How do feel about nobody being held accountable for the WMD claim of Iraq  Should both candidates be required to submit federal income tax returns  Does the constitution protect a woman's right to choose abortion? Why or why not  Are you in favor of family law reform? Fathers rights are being violated  What steps, as President, will you take to stop the public health emergency?  Will you lead the nation with respect and graciousness?  Are guns the problem? How do you plan on addressing this issue?   What specific steps will you use to end gridlock and fulfill your agenda?  Could changes to our current electoral process alleviate Washington Gridlock?  How do you purpose to fix the problem that is Police Brutality?  Will you set up funding for Domeatic Violence shelters for men?  How do you plan to treat ISIS  How would your admin avoid the same type of mistakes that led to the Iraq War?  If no child should be left behind,whyou go with common cored?  How would you address jobs lost to automation?   Are the presidential elections really based on the votes of us Americans?  Someone pays more on taxes, extra to pay down national debt. Are they stupid?    How will you continue to support those with special needs like Autism?  We don't trust you, we want direct democracy because you're bought off crooks  Would repeal Nafta?  If Obama care is eliminated, what do you plan to replace it with?  Do you care what will happen to people who loose health care when you cancel ACA  Would you support giving tax breaks for Jobs created?  Should Elected Officials be held to a higher standard of law when it's violated?  How do you feel about the voter id laws in North Carolina that were struck down   Do you think the first amendment has helped create a climate of hatred?   Can each of you please say something nice about your opponent?  Replace our nuclear weapons with conventional ones laster guided unilaterally?  What are two reasons disaffected readers & viewers should vote for you Nov. 8?  What's your biggest weakness, and how do you plan to remedy this if elected?  Should national origin, ethnicity, or religion disqualify a judge in some cases?  What will you do to urge Congress to assist the FED in economic recovery efforts  Which of the following countries is Arab?: Israel, Iran, Egypt, Turkey  How will you solve the gross over population of our Nation's urban centers?  How will you put an end to the corruption plaguing the raisin industry  What type of spousal assignments do you envision if you are president?  What steps will you take to actively remove the obstacles to union membership?  The National Do Not Call list is an utter failure.  How will you fix it?  Should there be a one world currency?  How can americans get jobs if employers mandate that you speak spanish?    What is the differnce in one speaking vulger acts and one preforming them.  Do you respect the supporters of your opponents  how do we bring back respect for law and order  What would you do to rid the court system of the unfair treatment of   Minorities  What does small government mean to you?  Assuming you win, and your Party controls BOTH houses of Congress...  What are your family's plans to protect yourselves from the effects of climate c  WHICH MEDICATIONS ARE YOU TAKING?  Should both candidates have to reveal the same info about taxes, charity, etc.?  Did the Holocaust happen?  How do you feel about whistle blowers and wikileaks?   What is a mistake you made that hurt people, & what did you do to make it rigit?  Should the United States continue to be allied with Turkey?  How do you plan to reduce gun violence yet maintain the right to bear arms?  How many women belong on the Supreme Court?  Give two pros and two challenges of implimenting a no fly zone in Syria.  Would you consider withdrawing military from the middle-east post Syrian war?  What would you do to reduce income inequality?  Do you believe DNA findings that traced human origin of all races to Africa.   Should a Permanent Special Prosecutor investigate Cabinet-level crimes?  What will you do to increase connectivity across the country and internationally  Do you have a plan to reduce or end student debt for a college education?  Should a public official accept six figure fees for speeches?  Do you believe banks should stick to their core business of lending?  What does the term 'well regulated militia' in the 2nd Amendment mean?  What specific steps would you take to address trade deficit with China?  will any of you candidates get rid of the tax loopholes?  Do you favor continuing to provide Billions in aid to Israel?   Would you support a new Employee Free Choice Act?  How will you handle the Climate Change crisis if it's a dire concern?  Why are private companies allowed to make trillions profiting from warfare?  Do think America should have a central bank or a gold standard?  How would you assure a tax cut for millionaires is used for job creation?  Won't rejecting outsourcing and trade deals mean higher prices and low growth?  How will you shepherd your campaign platform thru a bitterly partisan Congress?  Our military forces are stretched thin already. Would you re-instate the draft?  Will you take steps to shrink the federal government, and if so, what steps?  When will the Affordable Care Act include Adult Dentistry as part of relief ?  Are constant promises to lower taxes real or just a shame to "buy" votes?   What do you consider to be crimes against the U.S. and it's national security?  Would you support renaming Columbus Day?  Wouldn't you agree in the last 20 years the middle class has been diminished?  Will you address the doctor shortage? We need funding for graduate medical ed  What % of the discretionary budget is spent on the military & do you agree?  What would you do to re-energize voters feelings towards our political system?  Explain in detail your decision to either improve or repeal Obamacare?  When will finding a job become easier? When will jobs be created?  Describe how you would support CTE, K-14 to promote workforce development.  Will you support a Constitutional amendment mandating 30 days of early voting?  Given your praise for the military, why has no one in your family served?  How will you deal with political polarization?  Do you support mandatory voting for every US citizen?  How did your experience of 9/11 affect your own career and personal decisions?  How will you discipline military who refuse to commit war crimes?  Governor Rick Scott isn't extending voter registration in FL, do you agree?  As president, how would you counter the increased rate of drug addiction?  How will you help empower people to become financially indep. and OFF welfare.  Would you support a Robin Hood tax on Wall Street transactions to raise money?  Should marijuana be a schedule 1 drug?  What will you do to solve the maternity leave problems in the workplace.  do you think high government officials should be held to the terms of the law?  What will you do to lower tax for middle class citizens. Less credits for illeg    Would you continue the "War on Drugs," or do you support changing our approach?  Do you support Automatic Pay increases for Pres.& Congress, but not for Soc.Sec.  Congress just overrode a veto to allow 9/11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia. Agree?   Would you work to get money out of politics? If so, how?  Do you think the invasion of Iraq was necessary or a mistake?  What will you do to vett refugees from middle eastern nations?  Support one of your opponents main talking points.   Which foreign leader you have met (now alive & in power) do you admire? Why?  Are you in favor of increasing mental health services statewide?  Is it time to take voter fraud investigation from Sec of States & give to FBI?  Will you ensure the LGBTQ agenda stops being favored over Christian beliefs?  What's your track record with women's issues & whats your position on sexism ?   What limitations on an individuals 2nd Amendment rights would you support?    How much will you invest in renewables, and how many new jobs would be created?  Will the tax loopholes that mainly benefit the rich will be removed complitely?   What is the motive (obsession) of removing the regime of Syria?  Describe your plan for maintaining America's policy leadership role  Do you support labeling Black Lives Matter as a terrorist group?  What steps would you take to assure that the laws applied to every citizen?  How would you fix the V.A. problems so veterans can get better medical care?  Will you end the 2 party corporate oligarchy and make it easier for 3rd parties?  Would you respect the will of Puerto Rico political status even statehood  Would you support a 50 percent pay cut for all those in congress to fix budget   How will you close tax loopholes for real estate owners, and corporate subsidies  Isn't it historically proven that tax cuts produce more jobs and revenue?  How would you address the crisis in funding public education?   What will you do to help lower food and gasoline prices?   Would you support a law that would limit drug pricing?  Can you create a limit to how many months an employee can be a temporary worker  Would you support the removal of "not for profit status" on Religious groups?  What % of your personal income was donated to charities the last 10 years?  Are video games causing violence in the youth  How would you fight terrorism, while minimizing spending and lives lost?  How will you return America to a true democracy?  Stop and Frisk equality  If elected, will you respectfully work with Repub., Dems., and Independents?  Will you eliminate tax subsidiaries to corporations who move jobs overseas  If someone earns $1 million in a year, what should their after-tax income be?  How will you decide who gets foreign aid and how much they will get?  How about a livable wage that is zip  Code specific and had a Cola attached.  Would you put the Law before political interest first as an enforcer of law?  What is your view of "Congress Overrides Obama's Veto On Sept. 11 Lawsuit Bill"  Do you support the US' unilateral withdrawal from the ABM treaty?  What is way you would prioritize your choices for investments into new programs?  Will you address that black people were KANGZ?  Which plan do you  to train LEA Agencies & community Admin's in Mental Health?  How would you stop illegal immigrants who enter the country by plane?  If China invades Taiwan, will you deploy US Troops to assist?  How exactly did you earn your wealth?  Will the Military and CIA come under your command or are they self-governing?  Do you support increasing the tax deduction for childcare costs?  Why did the GOP strip strong anti-Russian language from the Party Platform?  Would you consider reinstating the draft? Who would serve?  Why did you exclude third party candidates from the debate?  Who do you believe re. "Science is the belief in the ignorance of the experts"  Would you support a flat tax system?  If not, why?  How will you close the loop hole in taxes that you use?  Are you aware of facts proving that 9/11 is controlled demolition?   When will you start treating voters like educated mature people?  Should gov't officials be sanctioned if they mishandle classified information?  Would you continue to attack police like the president.  Should taxes be progressive?  Why are illegals given priority over those waiting in the legal immigration line  1/2 the world's species will be extinct in 100 years. Does that scare you?  Why does USA support ISIS with training and equipment,purchasing their oil,?  How do we get our Country working under our Constitutional guidelines?   Do you oppose the Libertarian candidate, Gary Johnson, joining the third debate?  How will you reduce the amount of atmospheric CO2 to 350 parts per million?  Should candidates be required to submit to mental health screening  What will your administration do specifically to address systemic racism in US?  Will you force Congress to abide by the same rules as the rest of US citizens?  Do you support religious freedom in workplace, schools and community?   What about the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) do you dislike?  What did the Civil Rights Act of 1964 do? Do you think it was effective?  Are you going to get money out of politics and if so, how?  Will you close the federal tax loophole to not pay taxes for years?  Why isn't dental care included in Medicare.  Will you ensure there are paper ballots we can verify next election/primaries?  I am concerned about the Fukushima power plant and how it is effecting the US.   What do you consider the role of the federal government of the US should be?  What is your worst personal failure? & how would you prevent it a second time.  Do you plan to get money out of politics and if so, how?   When will the US consider a health care system like Canada's?   Would you raise or lower taxes on the wealthy?   Is the Right to an Abortion as sacrosanct as the Right to Bear Arms?  Should we trust you to combat corporate fraud, abuse, and political corruption?  How will your election to President help heal our current political divide.  The sports industry, A Multi Billion $ business. Can you make it equitable  Will you push congress to identify the loophole that allows a 1BL write-off?   What do you say to people who vote based on a single issue?  How do you define free speech?   How do you plan to improve the American grade school system?  Could you propose changing the Second Amendment to ban owning firearms?  Will you heighten the punishments of Marijuana and other drug offenses?  As minimum wage increases and those jobs go away how will you replace them?  Will you vow to the American People not to lie during your term as President?  Would you support birth control requirement for welfare parent after 2nd child?   What do propose to do about our fact deficit? How do you approach problems?  What Constitution amendments would you support and what is the process?  What are your specific plans to improve our immigration policy?  What do you think about prostitution?  How do you deal with the issue of companies pursuing stock buybacks?  What would you do to help Hong Kong achieve democracy?   What are your plans to counter Russia's aggressive actions in Europe?  How can you govern when Americans agree neither of you are fit to do so?  What have you done to expand educational opportunities for the middle-class?  Does the 2nd Amendment put police lives in danger?  As a millennial & college student why should i vote for you?  Would you consider a Truth and Reconciliation Committee on the Iraq War?  What do you see are our options for dealing China's actions in Sprattly Islands?  Would you re-open the investigation into the 9/11 attack?  What do you intend to do, if anything at all, about the mass crowding in America  By imposing taxes on Mexico, China imports, will we see prices increased?  Are you concerned Americans will claim an "I'm Smart" tax credit, paying zero ta  How will you better the Middle East countries together for agreement on peace.  How would you pay down the federal debt, via tax revenue & program expenses?  What is the minimum percentage you will reduce the deficit each year and how?  What is your plan to unite the American people and the Congress post election?  What lessons do you think  we should learn from the Vietnam war?  Will you take action to charge corporations use fees for government services?  What will 'put the US on the right track,' and how will you accomplish this?   Would you support a draft program for illegals living in America?  Does a single minimum wage make sense?  Are earmarks and pork the least bad options to maintain functional government?  What is one thing that you believe that most voters think is wrong?  Should alcohol continue to be legal?  Imagration   After your first 4 year term, what is the legacy you hope to leave behind ?  Why do you want to work for us?  Do you support English as our national language?  What is your plan to improve the VA system and soldiers with PTSD?  Please name your top 5 donors, specifically corporate donors  How many criminal investigations are you currently the subject of? for what?  will you promise not to spend the next 4 years after you win campaigning    What period in America's history do you want us to return to?  How will small start up businesses be treated under your Presidency?  How do you feel about the results of the Paris COP21?  How do you view the Big Food industry in America and how might you change it?  Do you support the invocation of Article 5 if Estonia were invaded by Riussia?  You suggest free college to anyone who make less than $125000 how is that fair?   How can you strengthen, or repair relations with other countries?  What role do you think that Russia has and will play in this election?  What role should the United States play globally in nuclear non-proliferation?  Are we getting our money's worth from the Military F-35 fighter project?  Will you stop proposed hacking by US government and malware proposed by Rule 41?  How will you help minorities recieve equal job opportunities as male Caucasians?  Would you consider setting up a Department of Peace?  Why don't we demand that Saudi Arabia and Israel stabilize their neighbors?  what rules of engagement should our military use to protect our service personal  Assault weapons only exist as legally defined. What is your legal definition?  Would you have signed The Housing and Community Development Act of 1992  Why are you better qualified than your opponent to serve as president?  You are both polarizing candidates, how will you pass legislation?  Will you promote a federal use of force policy for all law enforcement?  Are you in favor of the death penalty?  Do you support a 12% tie btw the highest paid worker and the lowest paid worker?  Will you disclose detailed information of the aliens in area 51? Why?  Do you think self segregation unites or divides us and why?  Guns are allowed for people to feel safe, what about metal detectors?  What will you do to achieve "a better politics" in America?  Is the 'nuclear button' issue being trumped up as a scare tactic this election?  With the creation of new businesses, who would these loans be created for?  Do Gold Star Families and Wounded Veterans deserve a higher level of respect?  To what degree will scientific evidence factor into your decision-making?  How would you stop the daily chem spraying worldwide?  How important do you believe that climate change affect economic development?  Obamacare has provided health insurance to millions, how would you change it?  What % of your income is  taxed and are you paying your fair share ?  What is the Theory of Evolution?  How will you work to relieve them tax burden on the middle and lower class?  What specific plan do you have to fix income inequality  Do you think politicians are above the law?  Why should the many combat veterans who deploy 3 or more times not receive VA   How will you improve the Veterans Administration system?  Would you support a bill to force all states to cast electoral votes by district  What percentage of your employees are currenrly paid less than $15.00 an hour?  By October 15, will you release your 2015 tax returns?  How can the Republicans keep denying actual science regarding global warming?  Would you repeal any of the "UN-common sense" gun control laws enacted in CA?  Will you allow communities to disallow Fracking which is contaminating our water  What can we learn from our failed post 9/11 war efforts?  Would you repeal Social Security age increase on seniors?  Poverty is a reality.  How do you address rampant sky high pensions and rising government corruption.  What will you do to reduce sexual violence in the military?   What will you do to stop unfair profiteering associated with healthcare?  Would you support and vote into law the Disability Integration Law (SB2427)?  Will voters find out about material non-disclosures after the election?  What will you do to stop China's illegal takeover of the South China Sea?  Why do you think voter ID laws have been passed only by Republican legislatures?  What can the President do to improve opportunities in our minority communities?  How will you restore and protect the 2nd AMDT rights stolen from Californians  When we talk about "transparency" in government, what does that mean to you?  Will you denounce Putin for the cowardly airstrike on hospitals in Aleppo today.  Do all lives matter? What is your stance?  Who will be your choice for Attorney General?  How many tax brackets should there be ?  Will you finally have federal law consider Abortion as murder?  How would you work with Congress to get legislation passed?  Would you support a cap on welfare benefits to set limit at maximum 2 children?  How will you implement your policy if other party controls congress?  If President, will your tax returns and investment portfolio be made public?  What was your biggest failure as a professional, and what did you learn from it?  How should western civilization and the United States deal with jihadist Islam?   \how would you convince the \israelis to get the settlers off of the West Bank  How has the gender difference between the two of you affected this campaign?  Would you support a full repeal of the Taft-Hartley Act?  When making judicial appointments, will you consider a judge's race or religion?  How do you intend to reduce or prevent the successor to ISIS/ISIL?  Who should I vote for if neither major party candidate represents my values?  What is the defining emotion of your campaign?  What philosophical belief do you feel most influences your policy making?   Sam Hyde is a genocidal white supremacist maniac who cannot be stopped  Why does our government want to remove the government of Syria so bad?  Do you support splitting California in more than one state to devide votes?  How will you priority educate the Gifted?  your sec of state has a private server with top secret info, your reaction?    What are your views towards students loans?  What does this quote from "Proverbs" mean to you?  Please defend women's right to be heard against your past history otherwise.  What would you do to stop corporatism, (fascism), in the U.S. and abroad ?  New Required Spanish learning for American workers  Have you ever made a mistake that affected people directly and apologized for it  Talk to me about your parental leave plan.  Why do you think Germans supported the rise of Hitler and the Nazi party?  Is there a place for a nuclear arsenal in today's climate?  What is your plan to overhaul Obamacare?  How will you ensure equality for all with the increase of racist groups?  Why would you cut taxes when we're in a deficit and not pay down the debt?  What are your thoughts on political corruption and what will you do to stop it?  How do you reconcile computer surveillance with the 4th amendment?  Why are we letting the United Nations under agenda 21 decide policy for USA?  Will you end the summary executiond of US citizens by police?    How will you ensure that normal people represented in the legislative process?  How should we determine a person's "fair share" of the nation's total taxes?  What will you do in order to reestablish relations with our Allie Israel?    Would you mandate food labels show % of daily sugar like carbs, fats, protein?   Yes/ No- Is the Middle East safer today than in 2008? Who is responsible?  If elected what gov posts are you going to give your campaign advisers/ mangers   If Turkey-Russian tensions escalated into war, would you stand by our NATO ally?  Would you take any steps to combat online abuse/internet trolling?  Where will you find $660 Billion to pay the interest on the debt in 7 years?  Do we have the right to abduct/kill people abroad who we've deemed terrorists?  Do you think it is possible to discriminate against while males?  Why should we not just vote for the better performing party?  Should presidential candidates debate from equal height podiums with no stools?  AI & Robotics will replace labor. Isn't political talk of jobs disingenuous?  should Politicians owe taxpayer money for upkeep cost of refugee?   How do you plan to support Palestinians?   How will you effectively fight terrorism without fueling further recruitment?   What measures will you take to ensure that the IRS is not politicized?  What do you plan to do with our Environment, and how will you do it?  How do you feel about the defunding of polling places in minority communities?  What core responsibilities do you believe the US government owes its citizens?  What will you do about global dimming?  How can the US get real help from the Russians to end the raging war in Syria?  Can a Christian Scientists's business deny health insurance to its employees?  Is abortion genocide?  How do you plan to deal with the ISDS in our trade agreements?  Will you push to repeal the daylight savings time program that is hated by all?  Which states are permanent members of the UN Security Council?  How do you plan on breaking the impasse of a two party Congress?   Which contemporary foreign leader do you most admire, and why?  What do you intend to do, if anything at all, about the mass crowding in America  What U.S. President do you admire most & why? How would your presidency comparee  What would you do to try to bridge the ever-increasing divide in our politics?  Should my kids follow the example of the G'ment and spend money they don't have?  What will you do about Russian attacks on civil aviation?  How would you, as President, help unify the nation and enable bi-partisanship?  Why divide countries of diversity when we all can gain more by united approach  Can you give an example of woman being paid less for the same job as a man.  Which living president do you admire most?  What is your plan to deal with the climate change crisis?  What steps will you take to feed, clothe and shelter our homeless?  What is your plan for real education?  What convinced you that Obama was born in the US?   if your voted president what will you do to stop white privilege?  Why should I think you respect women and believe they should have equal rights?  How will you address the agricultural contribution to global warming?  How specifically will you change this country for the better if you are elected?  Are you able to better increase foreign relations Vs your opponent? How & Why?  What dose the First Amendment say?  Which has played a bigger role in job losses -- trade or technology -- and why?  Is nepotism a serious problem in our political system?  What will you do to decriminalise marijuana and will you legalise it?  If immigrant workers are deported, how do you see this effecting business owners  How would you handle Congress's refusal to confirm a new Supreme Court judge?  Would you repeal the Social Security offsets that hurt public employees?  Should other Party's candidates be allowed to participate in national debates?  How would you ensure a living wage for higher education instructors?  Are you willing to seriously reform our military & cut the defense budget?  What is the first thing you would like to do when you become president?  How do you view the impact of gender stereotypes and expecations on the election  How will you deal with our out-of-control public service Pension obligations?  Why vote? The electoral college is selecting our next president.  How would you make access to capital easier to support small business growth?  Will you pledge not to engage in any new wars or sustained military actions?   Why is there not a larger gap between you and your opponent in the polls?  Should we support Bashir al-Assad and the Syrian government?  It seems like the election is not entirely based on facts and direction.  Should nuclear energy be widely adapted?  What is your personal plan if you lose the election in November?  Will you end mass surveillance on American citizens by the gov't?  How would you solve the water crisis in California's Central Valley?   What is your plan to improve the country's infrastructure.  Do you believe in antitrust law?  What will you do to stop welfare food stamp fraud?  What is your plan on battling terrorism with the least casualties to America.  What Plan Do You Have To Bring Both Sides Together To Fix Social Security.  People take a driver's test for a licence. Shouldn't candidates pass a test too?  How would you create jobs in economically depressed parts of the country?  How would you want to amend the US Constitution during your term of office?  Would you implement unannounced household inspections to gov. aid recipients?  If after elected it is proven you have committed any felony will you resign?  How would you like America to be perceived by the international community?  What actions would you take to get India, Israel and Pakistan to sign the NPT?  How do we bridge the divides between Arab nations to protect our interests?  As a democracy,shouldn't we encourage citizens to vote for who they believe in?   What makes america great?  If you pull out of NAFTA, what happens to Americans working abroad on a TN visa?  Is "blood for oil" a policy worth pursuing?  Do you think experience or honesty matters more as a quality in a president?   Is the U.S. able and willing to double its population within a century?   Should US citizens of the oversee US territories have the right to vote in the g  Do you think America should have a central bank or a gold standard?  How will you enforce laws prohibiting mishandling of security sensitive info?  How will you reduce hunger, poverty and homelessness in America?   How would you fill the jobs left when immigrants are all kicked out of the U.S.?  Would you support a law that makes rigging elections a felony?  Do you agree with the decision to give up control of the internet?  How will you get money out of politics?  How will you ensure immigrants assimilate to the United States' language /cultur  What is your plan for diplomacy and creating a lasting peace in the Middle East?  What is your favorite national park and why?  Define for me what public service means and how you represent this ideal.  Which candidate has taken more money in campaign donations from banks?  Small business cannot afford $15 minimum wage, can you help me?  Now it is too late to avoid climate change, what will you do to prepare for it?  What would you do to make it easier to terminate bad gov't employees?  Do either  know what a gallon of milk or a gallon of gasoline cost.  What will you do to finally put an end to or greatly reduce the # of homeless?   Do you believe Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) is a legitimate condition?  How do you feel about your opponent being able to access the NSA database?  Would you be willing to restore diplomatic relations with Iran?   Will NRA or 2nd amendment pay for gun violence?  Will you combine the numerous military branches to save over $150 Billion?  Is the country's desire for a strong leader putting us on a dangerous   path?  Should better understanding of Islam and Muslims be a goal for Americans?  How do you intend to pay for the upgrades you prosposed to our military assets?   How many jobs have been created by trade and how many will be lost in trade war  How are you going to stop hate speech on the internet?  How will you approach the issue of excessive force by the police in our nation?  What will you do to reform scandal plagued government agencies, such as the IRS?  Tell us about the last time you talked at length with a real person?  What will you do to eliminate all regulations on handling classified documents?  What will you do to improve transportation within America's large cities?  Do you have a plan to reform Civil Asset Forfeiture?  If Climate Change is not a concern now, do you think it will be in the future?  Should unborn infants have constitutional rights?  Will you pledge to give taxpayers shares when using their money for bailouts?  Should the government continue to encourage homeownership with tax incentives?  To build a stronger military, would you consider reinstating the draft system?  Where do you stand on the numbers and screening to allow Syrian refugees in U.S?  How will you protect public resources and how will you fund your priorities?  What are the responsibilities of country's leaders?  What R ur 3 biggest mistakes you have made professional? What did u learn?  How would you improve our health care delivery and mounting costs in US?   what is your position on building desalinization plant to combate the drought  List five American novels you recommend every American read, and explain why.  How does your tax plan assures that billionaires pay their fair share of taxes  what do you plan to do to help the US economy?  Will you ban lobbyists from your transition team?  What amount, if any, would you support giving a monthly Universal Basic Income?  What have you done this year for which you would like to apologize?  Why?  How will you help small businesses?  Can you take a moment to reflect upon positive qualities of your opponent ?  How would you reduce campus sexual assault?  Do you believe people should be hired based on qualification or gender/race?  Chose 3 sectors you would fund if you had $3T from new taxation on rich + corp.s  Do you believe that marijuana negatively affects productivity and/or motivation?  Can you briefly describe the major differences between you and your opponent?  How will you secure the United States from terrorist attacks?  What is your position on the military justice improvement act?  If you win, what do you hope will be your Presidential legacy?  What will you do to combat education inequality for men?  How will you improve the employment situation for college educated Americans?  Name five, specific, features of your tax plan.  The interpretation of the Constitution has changed. Should it have?  What is your plan for dealing with China and North Korea's aggressive behavior?  Corporations are not people.  How would you improve the level of political discourse in this country?  What are the steps required to get a bill enacted in Congress?  Name five people who you plan on asking to serve in your cabinet.  What do you plan to do with the 18 million illegal aliens?  Would you Audit and Abolish the Federal Reserve?   If you could go back in your life and change one thing what would it be and why  What is the role of government in controlling opiate addiction?  How will you protect people against those using religion to harm others?  What will you do to *NATIONALLY* defend what the 2nd *FULLY* encompasses.   Which policies of Bernie Sanders do you agree with or support?  What would you ensure insurance carriers make healthcare affordable to all?  10 Year Immigration Moratorium  Would you support immigrants to prove they are self supporting?  What will you do to end support for fossil fuels and transition to alternatives?  How would you promote peace with China, while also upholding US interests?  Is capitalism ruining America?  How do you entice the elephant in the room - Independents / millennial voters  Do you feel that if something is legal that it is ethical?  Which entitlements would you eliminate to return to Constitutional government?  Are you willing to have a full medical check, by your opponent's doctor?  Gay Marriage, isn't the real problem there is no separation of church and state?  How can we increase voter participation in elections?  Without saying anything about your opponent, how ethical are you, really?  Would you support reopening the 9-11 Commission's Report?  Will you support federal law that treats methamphetamine possession as a felony?  In a democracy, is it beneficial to have 4 out of 5 Presidents from 2 families?  AI & Robotics lead to a post-labor economy. What will you do to prevent famine?  Do you support a non-aggression treaty between the U.S., China, and Russia?   What will you do SPECIFICALLY to TOTALLY eliminate ISIS in the next year?  In this melting pot, how do propose bringing all people back into the fold?  The USA spends almost all of its nontrust tax receipts on a massive military.   How do you plan on dismantling the terrorist group "Black Lives Matter"?  Is all discrimination "unfair"? When, if ever, is it OK to discriminate/profile  Will you promise to not commit ground troops to another war in the Middle East?  How do the candidates feel about Political Correctness?   Was America greater in the past?    What are your feelings and inclinations in whether any of you will CUT MedicAid   Which past president will be your role-model?  End to War  Will you work with Congress to inact a legally sound tax on Foreign home buyers?  Why are your taxes better than your opponents.  What steps will you take to preserve America's freedoms?  How does a bill become a law?  If elected, what will be your top 5 priorities?   How would you regulate access to ammunition?  As the "lesser of two evils" election, how will you unite a divided country?  Why does or why doesn't experience in government matter in this election?  What do you believe are the top 3 most important issues American's are facing?  If elected, how will your foreign policy change or differ from past Presidents?  Will you follow the advise of top climate experts re fossil fuel production?   Is for-profit policing a barrier to building trust between citizens and cops?  How important is the death of the last surviving Rabbs' fringe -limbed frog to u  Should Congress vote themselves lifetime taxpayer funded government health care?  Do you buy locally-made products even if they are more expensive than imports?  Why has American foreign policy indirectly aided radical Islamists?  How would your economic policies balance the budget and reduce the debt?  How will you ease the pay gap in relation to both gender AND race?  What would you do to empower unions and unionization efforts?  What will you do for people working jobs that will be replaced by automation?  Are you confident Saudi Arabia will not misuse the upcoming $1.15 B arms sale?  Would you promote national rules on use of deadly force by police?  What would you do to stop H-1B and H-2B visas?  Discuss automations impact on the economy, specifically manufacturing jobs.  Do you believe ALL Americans should pay tax on their income?   why people that don't paid taxes or paid very little  get a lot money back  What are you going to do about the humanitarian crisis in Syria  Do you support Common Core, and why?  What is the difference between "immigration" and "Illegal immigration?"  What evidence supports your view as to whether humans cause climate change?  What specific qualities of character and temperament,  should a president have?  At what point would you feel compelled to use nuclear weapons?  Will you make the Death Penalty federal law for Capital Crimes?  What measures will you take to prevent another 2008 meltdown?  What will you do to recover the estimated $458 billion in annual unpaid taxes?  Automation destroys more jobs than trade.  What policies can counter this loss?  How would you balance creating a pathway to citizenship while enforcing the law?  Do you think peak oil & climate change have contributed to the chaos in Syria?  What will you do to control the "unfit" people who currently own guns.  Manufacturing jobs are not going to return to US, how will you create new jobs?  Will you pass legislation that makes it harder to legally possess marijuana?   What steps will you take to prevent the start of a nuclear war with Russia?  What steps would you  take to  improve  relations between US and Russia   Should we vote for you when you're bought out by corporate and foreign interest?  What impact will the (TiSA) Trade in Services Agreent have on the United States?  Provide five finite reasons you should should our next President.  How well do you understand the profound implications of artificial intelligence?  Do you support providing basic living assist for refugees while so far in debt?  When will you stop all our tax money going to Israel   How will you help future generations save for a secure retirement?  What would you do to close tax loopholes that favor the super rich?  What is your take on LABELING genetically modified organisms?  World population continues to grow exponentially, so what should we be doing?  Will you continue to fine those who can't afford medical ins. On their taxes  Will you have strict criteria for invading another country and what will they be  How do you define empathy and describe a time when you have been empathetic?  What would you do to increase transparency in American politics?  How are you going to help small businesses in our country.   Do law enforcement forces in this county need nonviolence training?  Can you address how you plan fund mental health services for children?  Will you stop Saudi Arabia from gifting millions of dollars to our universities?  Would term limits for the congress and senate eliminate gridlock?  Will you ban campaign lies with penalties comparable to those of perjury?  Inequality has sky rocketed, new homeless are "UnSheltered" - How will you help?  Would you support a law that criminalizes lying in business, media and politics?  What is your plan for the U.S.'s involvement in Syria?  What exactly is our goverment using the HAARP technology up in Alaska for?  How would you address Chinese mercantilism?  What would you do to promote civility and respect in public discourse of issues?  How will you protect our Asian allies from Chinese aggression?  Do you support DC statehood?  Why does it take an organisation like Judicial Watch  to have to sue through the  What would you propose to reduce presidential pensions?  Will you combine federal acquisitions under one agency to save billions?  Do you believe every American has an equal opportunity to succeed?  Without using Me, My, or I, tell us how America can rebuild it's middle class?  Will you continue to use killer drones like the Obama administration?  Describe nomination & confirmation for the Supreme Ct and qualifications.  How can we limit or eliminate Executive Orders?  How do you plan to change Justice Criminal Admin's to change our Penal and Jail   Do you feel the Supreme Court is the final arbitrator of what is Constitutional?  What is your position on abortion?    Explain your idea of diplomacy and how it is used effectively by a president.  Would you fix the Government's abridgement of the State's Constitutional rights?  Cancer deaths 2016=595690, will you increase $$ to match a real Apollo Moonshot?  If something was suggested by nearly every expert, could you ignore it?  What do you believe makes you fit to be our military's Commander-in-Chief?   Do you believe the federal government should have more power over states  How do you feel about holding govt & state employees accountable for bad actions  Will you reduce taxes so we no longer have equal outcome but equal opportunity.  How do you plan to reduce gun suicides?  Would you implement a sensible, smart plan to streamline Federal bureaucracy?  How will you make the US economy more competitive and productive?  What will you do about overpopulation?  Do you believe there are too many or few laws? What would you do to change that?  Will you promise to veto all the anti-choice bills coming out of Congress?  Why should America grow in the manufacturing industry and not clean tech?  What is your position on voter I.D.?  What will you do to improve the lives of African-American children?  Making road towards citizenship easy for legal immigrants present in USA.  Why did you want to become president in the first place?  Will you release all your current and past relationships with foreign entities?  Are you in favor of President Obama's efforts to normalize relations with Cuba?  How can we save the children who live in homes with drug and alcohol addicts?   What policies have you carried out that did not provide you financial gain.   It is September 12, 2001.  Would you have responded differently?  If so, how?  Do you believe in Capitalism or Socialism?  Are the Democrats to blame for the condition of the inner cities?  Do you think the other presidential candidates should have a chance at a debate?  What is the fundamental difference between a Republican and a Democrat?  Why does America not have a National Aqueduct system?  What are you going to do to ensure that someone's religious rights are upheld    If replacing the ACA, With What? If improving, How?  Details please.  Do you support English as our national language?  What will you do to stop cops killing innocent people? Psych tests?  Have either of the two candidates snorted cocaine in the past 3 months?  Should you be blamed for your spouse's sexual infidelities?  Would your Federal Reserve Boards policies differ from present board? If so,how?  If passed, would you sign the CARERS Act to improve federal drug law?  How do we counteract China's aggression in the South China sea?  Can you list 10 tangible things that you have done to help everyday Americans?  The U.S. debt is 19 trillion dollars.  Is this a problem?  How would you stop abuse of disable in centers and hospitals?  How would your gun law policies have a positive effect on communities?  What is your view regarding drug testing to receive welfare benefits?  How can we keep our environment with all this building on our land?  Explain the importance of paying your taxes to the welfare of the country.  To you what are the most imp. powers given to the Pres. by the Constitution?  How do you plan to keep "disenfranchised" citizens from becoming radicalized?  Do you support Law and Order, or protests of any kind - and why?  What does the acronym "NATO" stand for?  What is your view of "The Kate Steinle Law" proposal?  What will you do to ensure lasting peace with Russia?  What will you do to return America to our founding principals?  Briefly describe the basic functions of the Constitution's first three articles.  Is consent tantamount to a contract?  Do you believe it is fair and just for American tax dollars to pay for abortion?  What is your plan for student debt for professionals who have advanced degrees?  What is your detailed plan to create a fair tax system?  As president how will you ensure that you do not have access to outside funds ?  Why should the federal government exempt Medicare from mental health parity laws  How does your Christian faith affect how you live and how you will govern?  What policies will you enact to prevent nuclear proliferation?  How do we eliminate the Federal Government Employee Union protection racket?  should Politicians owe taxpayer money each time illegals fail to contribute?  Vietnam now is corrupted country, and friend of China. Why US still support VN?   How do we improve how external companies are vetted for Security?  If the cost of CO2 is $100/tonne how does climate change affect globalization?  Will you support Latin American govts. that erode democracy and human rights?  Why should the public believe anything you say, or claim you can do?  How would you feel if your spouse or child was routinely stopped and frisked?  What is your plan to bring back companies from other countries?  Voter fraud is a massive problem. What will you do to end it?  How will you combat political corruption in our Government?  What would you do to reclaim Pepe the Frog from white supremacists?   What would you do to invest in new industries to make America at the forefront?  Should federal employees be banned from using the 5th Amendment? why or why not?  Do you agree institutional racism (often subconscious) exists . . . (see below)  hoe will you deal with illegal aliens?  Do you think Health Issues are relevant in an election cycle?  Some other countries pay for American students to study in their universities.  When whites are no longer a majority, will you declare them a minority?  Do you believe we have a military industrial complex?    What actions will you take to restore voter's confidence in free elections?  What is your plan to help middle aged workers with mortgage & kids find work?  Summarize how to encourage more immigration, benefiting the long-term economy  What will you do in your first 100 days to unite the country?  Should we ban the sale of tobacco?  Should the U.S. modernize our nuclear triad or upgrade cyber warfare capability?  What do you think is the role of federal government?  If civil war ensues will you order US troops to fire upon their fellow citizens?  Should someone be forced to join a union in order to get a job?  How will you engage the moderates across the isle to form a governing coalition?  How would stop political correctness and make people accountable for actions?  What's you stand on unfairness of tax code, when very rich find way to avoid tax  Congress has hampered the President from getting bills passed. What can you do?  Are both parties are keeping Gary Johnson out of debates?  Do you believe any recent president has wanted to control illegal immigration?  Would you support a voter ID laws?  How should the Federal government address unprecedented homelessness in the US.  Would you use nuclear weapons without a congressional Declaration of War?  Religious zelots force their religion on everyone by making their religion law.  The US spends almost all its tax income on a massive military.   Should abortions be paid for by taxpayers?  Do you think the U.S. spawned ISIS in its effort to overthrow Assad?  How much will "taxing the rich" bring in as a % of national debt?  Would you consider building a new shipping canal along the border?  Who is the president of Japan?  How will you lead Congress to accomplish something other than partisanship?  How would you encourage more political engagement?  My wife Lucy is Hispanic with a bachelors degree and makes $14.00hr!  Will you as President actively try to place a human presence on Mars?   How will you balance social programs to help people, and the military budget.  How will you stop the preferential opportunities for illegals over Americans?    If you could propose three Constitutional amendments, what would they be?  Why have you remained silent on the North Dakota Access Pipeline?  What would you do to remove marijuana as a schedule one drug?  Should we use more solar panels in the world so that way we can save more energy  What will your administration do to ensure our election process is fair?  Will climate change be a "first 100 days" priority per the Democratic platform?  When will we catch up with Europe to provide ways to improve our way of life?   What do you plan on doing to improve the broken immigration system?  Would you support a carbon fee & dividend plan to quickly combat climate change?   should it be required to release all taxes before running for president?  How would you make police training in de-escalation skills a national priority?  How will you repair the degrading US science and Technology Infrastructure?  Why should healthcare be in private industry and fire protection in the public?  Will you recognize Islam for the totalitarian conquering ideology it is?  What strides will you take to ensure the integrity of our elections?  What are your top 2 guiding ethics? How do you exemplify these daily?  How will you convince young voters to vote for you over a 3rd party candidate?  What are your ideas to improve current immigration policies for qualified folks?  Is affirmative action racist, and should our government continue its practices?  What do you intend to do, about the mass crowding in American prisons?  What is the difference between a democracy and a constitutional republic?   Excclusive Clubs  Do you believe in God?  How will you make college affordable without increasing the national debt?  What is a fair taxes for someone making  50K, 100K  a billion and why  Why have 17 of the 23 Obamacare co-ops collapsed and why are premiums going up?  Women are often objectified in U.S. culture. How would you change this?  Would you borrow money from China to give to other foreign countries?  Do you favor a tax on carbon, and if not, how would you fight climate change?  What is your opinion of Obama admin. allowing Russia to own 20% of our uranium?  How will you deal with the porou open southern border under your administration?  What is your opinion on the recent peaceful protests and their message?  How do you think the US should lead on the world stage?  What is the value of an ambassador's life to the country?  When will you stop the nasty rhetoric and discuss serious policy issues?  Will you support tightening up the ADA laws for mental illnesses?  Will you support making mandatory military experience to be Secretary of defense  Will there ever be criminal indictment for Wall Street Banks for 2008 crash?   How would you address the growing number of Autistic adults in the U.S.?  Should members of the US  be prosecuted for doing business with our enemies?   If a candidate is accused of serious crimes, should he/she be disqualified?  How can one expected to be fair leader when one has links to foreign entities?  How would any new or revised trade deal help Americans in the immediate future?  What's your plan for ACA  Would you promote Casey's Law for all states? Addiction is a mental illness.  Do you support abortion from conception to 36 weeks?    Rounded to nearest $1,000,000, in 2014, how much in Federal Inc.Taxes did you pa  Do you understand the effect of bombing innocent foreign civilians?  What portion of you budget will be delegated to our education system?  How will internet laws be enforced to ensure security while in the internet?  Do you believe that all life is valuable: unborn, born, elderly, ill?  How can we end violence in poorer communities?  How are you going to defeat the so-called Islamic State?  What would you do to solve the Aleppo problem?  When is the last time you lied?  What is your position on school vouchers for the inner cities?  Do you support a civil rights bill protecting gender identity and expression?  What is your plan to address the astronomical cost of a college education?   If investing in the future is important, what would you do to improve education?  What will you do to fight white supremacist groups?  Most working illegal immigrants do so on the books 30 years after IRCA. Why?  What lessons have you learned from America's past mistakes in the Middle East?   How will you deal with the threat of Radical Islam?  Please describe a project you personally led to make your community better.   Will you support eliminating nuclear weapons worldwide?  The questions here and surveys show the US electorate is misinformed.   What's more important to regulate: Int'l commerce of money/jobs, or immigration?  Do you think rules governing charities are sufficient?  How would you prevent government waste in immigration?  Will you abide by the rule of law or resort to executive orders?  What are you going to do about the increasing homeless population?  Do you support the Constitutional mandate of "Separation of church and State?   Would you support a bill like California SB1383 to reduce dairy cow flatulence,  Do gun free zones create opportunity for terrorist mass shootings? Explain?  Is education really a priority in the US?  When are you going to evacuate hazardous waste areas?  If ever necessary, how would you handle the threat of using a nuclear weapon.  What are you going to do about tax fraud committed by ILLEGAL aliens?  What is your plan to address social and gender income inequality?  Would you be willing to support a voting system that gives 3rd parties a chance?  what specific plans do you have to return your own manufacturing jobs to the U.S  Is it time the Federal Reserve is reorganized or closed?  Should we eliminate the income tax and replace it with a 28% national sales tax?  Demand DHS Revoke citizenship given to deported illegal aliens?  Explain the direct correlation of how increased gun control increases crime?  What would you do specifically to reduce unemployment for blacks?  What will you do to eliminate lobbyist protected budget drains such as pennies?  What will you accomplish with executive orders?  How will you make health care a service to human as opposed to a business?  How will you change NAFTA?  Would you end birthright citizenship?  "My Word is My Bond" - What do these words mean to you?  What will you do restore people's confidence in a free an unbiased media?  What would they say to CEO candidate to get his products made abroad back to US?  How will you help the millions of Americans suffering from substance abuse?  How do you plan to stop sanctuary cities for illegal aliens?  How can the United States education system by rectified and improved?  How are you going to counter African-American unemployment?  What will you do to balance our budget in a reasonable amount of time?  What is your stance on military interventionism in foreign affairs?  what is their plan for taxes and social security.  Why is Islam not being recognized as a political organization?  Please tell us one thing you like about your opponent.  Do you think the election is rigged?   What is needed to stem the costs of healthcare, while still covering everyone?  Why do you lie to the public when the truth is  always eventually revealed?  What will you do to save the Pacific Ocean from nuclear contamination?  Which of your policies will be the most important to your grandchild's future?  Release tax returns for years not being audited?  What's your plan to stop depositor savings from being used for future bailouts?  Do candidate's companies have any money parked off-shore, avoiding U.S. taxes?  As president, how would you respond to a terrorist attack on American soil?  What would you propose to help solve the gridlock in Congress?  What specific immigration policies will you enact and how will you pay for them?  Do you know what the two purposes, or responsibilities, of the Fed are?   How will you change the justice system to hold police accountable for murder.   What should be done to improve life in Native American reservations?  Why should voters trust you to be honest?  Why do we allow American companies to have their items manufactured overseas?  Will your choice of judicial nominees be consistent with your support of LGBTQ?  Since Israel has nuclear weapons should they sign the NNPT?  What will you do to empower US college graduates over foreign graduates.  Would you help getting rid of marriage penalties in US federal tax codes?  How will your solution to housing and poverty be similar to that of FDR in 1932?  What will you do the reduce the enormous amount of student loan debt?    If the stock market crashed again, what would you do?  What will you do to work to repeal the Patriot Act?  What are your plans to address civil asset forfeiture?  Do you think the gov. Should always be honest with the American people  What would you do to stop the stigmatization of mental health?   Are the wealthy keeping America back by not paying  their share of taxes?  What health policy reform would address the social problem of mental illness?  Why should we lower the Corporate tax rate?  Do you favor raising the federal minimum wage? If so, to what level EXACTLY?  Why due places with strictest gun control have most gun viloence  Why are we still a member of the UN, and why do we have to pay the most dues?   What would you do to go beyond partisanship & help achieve the greater good?  Would You halt USPS 's unfair subsidization of China based E-commerce sellers  What will you do as President to improve the vetting process for refugees?  How would you avoid starting a nuke war with Russia?  What will you specifically do to ensure that women are invited to the table?  Who will you choose, corporations and the wealthy or the majority of citizens?  How would you maintain the policies the Affordable Care Act provided?  If the richest 1% pay nearly half the income tax, why should they be taxed more?  How will you promote an end to our sociologically segregated society?  Would you use nuclear weapons against those perceived to be our enemies?  Should prostitution be legalized?  How has US policy of forced regime change in the middle east improved anything?  Is it a voter's right to see tax returns even against lawyer advice. Why/why not   Climate Change is the biggest problem facing the world what are you going to do  Will you make sure the TPP never passes? Or similar trade deals?  How do open borders help the standard of living for American Citizens?  Please share what one thing President Obama has done that you would rescind.  Do you support prosecuting Wellls Fargo executives for their illegal activities?  What plans do the candidates have to counter rape culture on college campuses?  What would you do to ensure the welfare system is not being abused?  What do you think of the current Department of Justice?    Would you support fracking?  Should the fedrtal government continue to fund planned parenthood   How do you plan on helping the next generation with college fees?  Would the U.S. be safer if more of America's allies had nuclear weapons?  Should America play a more or less significant role in combating climate change?  Will you support federal subsidies for solar, electric, etc for households?  Which Departments will you eliminate to return to a Constitutional govenment?  What will you do to ensure equal rights for women and girls.   Using political office for financial gain  Would you support using Prisoners to help society and fill farm labor shortage?  How would you compare the Trump Foundation to the Clinton Foundation  What will you specifically do to secure our borders?  Do you support voting rights for American citizens in US island territories?  What role should fact checkers play in the electoral and debate process?  When the FED plans to raise interest rates what will you do to combat recession?  AIPAC pays Congress $65M+ to vote for Israel first. Will you continue this?   How do you differ from Gary Johnson's platform?  Will you say "radical Islamic terrorism" when such terrorism occurs?  How do you plan to get Black and White Americans to discuss common grounds?  Are you in favor of Death Penalty and do you think it works ?  Media bias has been rampant and blatant in this presidential race.  What is your plan to make broadband Internet accessible to everyone?  Should America's leaders also be required to pay their fair share?  Can you explain what you mean by "fair share" of taxes? E.g., dollars or percent  Do you feel 53 ATF store fronts and Fast and Furious are good for communities?  How would you address the low level of trust and support in our government?  Why accept donations from countries that degrade women  Will you get money out of politics? If so, how?  How is the wall street, government, election rigged and how would you fix it?  How will you protect the rights of all American citizens?  How will the candidates help the employees that lost their jobs due to NAFTA?  As president how, if at all would, you change conditions in our prisons?  How would you help with the student loan debt many graduates are living with ?  How can we guarantee the integrity of our elections in the digital voting age?  Why doesn't Congress get more Blame for Gridlock  what kind of chemicals are being poured into our atmosphere to control climate?  What are you going to do about geoengineer and their poisoning Chemtrails   Do you believe in global warming? If not, why? If so, what facts do you have?  If I gave you a blank map right now, could you point to Syria?  How much money have you received from Wall Street?  What's been effect of 8 years of Republican obstructionism?  Are you willing to risk your candidacy over importation of Syrian refugee?  What is your vision of America's role as a world leader?  Why Americans care about your taxes  How to teach kids respect for law when it is enforced only on little people?  How do you plan to equalize our tax structure?  Capital gains are capped at 20%.  Do you support application of a litmus test prior to granting immigrant visas?  What is your position on Social Security?  What would you do to reduce the possibility of an accidental nuclear war  Will you support a total fracking ban in America?  Quran dictates beheading of infidels and sharia worldwide; will you BAN it in US  What will you do to protect the lives of unborn children and help their mothers?  Which tax loopholes, benefiting you in the past, are you willing to close?   How do you plan to keep Social Security solvent in the future with your tax plan  Why is the US obligated to provide healthcare for Non-US citizens for free?  How will you stop the unconstitutional good cause restriction of ccw permits?  Do you support email technology that Archives ALL emails versus permanent delete  What will you do about Climate Change!?   How do propose to ensure full employment in America and an end to stagnant wages  What government programs do you believe should have their budgets reduced?  Should Gov officials be held responsible for deaths of Americans proven neglect?  Tell us why solar power isn't cost effective vs fossil fuels like clean coal?  How will you protect foreign workers in the USA workplace from discrimination?  Please discuss a personal experience you've had with an undocumented immigrant.  How would you describe the results of Europes refugee solution?  Who is your top five supreme court Justice nomination pick   What does the "American Dream" mean to you?  Do you support equal rights in all areas for GLBT citizens?  What kind of Justices will you appoint and can you give us some names  Would you reform Social Security so insurance can't offset for disability awards  Are you willing to renegotiate trade agreements (TPP,TTIP, NAFTA)?  Will you find out why there's $9 Trillion missing from the Federal Reserve?  Why is it not mandatory that all guns be made with fingerprint activation?  What steps would you take to assure all voters have equal access to vote?  How would you change prisons to make them more effective?  The barrier in North Korea doesn't keep people in. How would a wall keep people  Shouldn't candidats b avaliable to the press to answer quedtions for the people?  What steps will you take to restore liberty for the American citizen?  How will you stop government implementation of unconstitutional firearms laws?  Which is the greater threat to Democracy in the US: Voter or Election fraud?  How will you end cruelty in the factory farming of cows, pigs and chickens?  has Bernie Sanders influenced you in any way?  Would your religious beliefs inform your actions as president? If so, how?   What do you intend to do to reduce the National Debt ?  What is your plan to improve the Affordable Care Act?  Do you believe education is a state issue and federal government should stay out  Why is it okay to make deals and give money to terrorists nations?  Would you support federal standardization of all election procedures?  In regards to budget cuts what government departments  you plan to eliminate?  Should there be a maximum wage (all sources) tied to the minimum?  Under your presidency, will you enforce the pledge of alliegence in schools?   What are America's moral responsibilities as a world leader?  Birtherism   4th Amendment guarantees private e-mail, calls. Will you stop 1984 surveillance?  How would your presidency strengthen the democratic process in America?  What is your plan for stopping the fall of the American economy  Do you suspect that your opponent engages in legal or illegal forms of bribery?   What makes your tax proposal best for the American people?  Do you see the "Dementia Village" Alzheimer's care model as possible in the US?  Please ask about the US signing on to TPP  Will you keep supporting al Qaeda in Syria, causing refugees to swamp Europe?  How would you encourage other nations to improve their human rights records?  What is your agenda for treating Iran and Russia when they make aggressive moves  Explain the personal sacrifices you've made to make the world a better place.  what is trickle down and deregulation relationship to increase income inequality  How do you plan to reform foster care?  What would you do to improve access to services for children with autism?  What is your plan for putting a stop to the epidemic of gender based violence?  Will you stop allowing bankers buy their way and prosecute them criminally?  Do you Support Body Camera's for all police? If so how would you implement it.  How will you make new immigrants and refugees feel welcome here?  How exactly would you produce new jobs?  What will you do to get rid of citizens united  What would you do to strengthen the wall of separation between church and state?  Should the tax code allow marijuana businesses to use business deductions?  Will you examine the waste in military spending?  Should President Obama be held accountable for breaking his oath of office?  What have you done specifically to advance the civil rights of ALL Americans?  What will you do to encourage the creation and stability of small businesses?  Should a candidate currently accused of rape and/or pedophillia run for office?  How many branches of government are there, and can you name them?  How would you work across the aisle?  What will you do about outsourcing manufacturing jobs?  Why can't we indict, try and punish anyone for the financial crimes of 2008?  Are you willing to agree to Total Transparency?  How are you going to save/provide jobs for US college graduates from H-1B worker  Will you define when an abortion is not OK?   Do you support a federal free of charge ID to vote in State & Federal elections?  Why is law enforcement not allowed in mosques  How serious is the potential of voter/election fraud this election?  Congress watered down Obamacare & worked hard to defund it. How can you fix it?  What solution can you offer to reduce mass shooting and violent crimes?  What will you do to ensure that public education is accessible to all?  What constitutes 'rich' and please specifically define 'fair share'.  How has the white supremacy position become legitimized during this election?  How will you balance America's humanitarian obligations with national security?  What will you do to ensure inflation and unemployment are calculated correctly?  Why should we decrease our nuclear arsenal while others increase theirs?   Why do you want to be President of the United States?   Would you reverse the controversial executive actions signed by President Obama?  Would you support a National Voter Rights Law?  What are your sources for news and how do you determine their authenticity?  How will you address rising needs Long-term Care Services and Supports?   America's K-12 schools are pathetic due to lack of funding.   Will you support a constitional amendment requiring balanced budgets?  Would you be in favor of changing the CPI for COLA increases to senior index   Do you support English as our national language?  Do U believe in creating Federal rules of engagement standards for local police  How will you avoid conflicts of interest with your personal financial affairs?  Why do you support Israel's illegal occupation of Palestinian territories?  No one brings up legal immigration. What should be done? Tie it to unemployment?  Is it important for candidates to release a transcript of private paid speeches?  What specific actions would you take to  eliminate or neutralize racist behavior  How will policing the world and engaging in regime change make the world better?  Will you support federal legalization or decriminalization of Marijuana?  Since we are now 22 trillion in debt... what has all this money been spent on ?  What are you willing to do in order to protect Social Security for the future?   Do you think it's a crime to destroy congressionally subpoenaed evidence?  How will you transcend borders and address the problems we face as a species?  is our voting system corrupt?  How will you keep classified data in your emails secure?  Do you support the Disability Integration Act?   Should the candidates' audited tax returns be published?  How can you help the negativity between races has grown in the last 8 years?  How would you improve health care affordability yet keep its current benefits?  What will you do to protect our food supply?  What do you believe is the role of the government?  What would you do about the current and failing welfare system?  What specific measures do you propose to create jobs?  How should the U.S. respond to Russian hacking threat?  How has the mishandling of Libya, and Syria impacted the rest of the world?  Are you willing to completely re-think the Federal income tax bracket structure?  Do you have plans to reform the public education system?   What can you do to end tax inversion  What will you do to heal race relations?    How will you improve access to affordable healthcare?  Pay to play has made  our politicians favor corporations over the American   In your perspective, how are jobs created?   What potential conflicts of interest do you have with foreign governments?  Unemployment in the U.S. is unacceptable, how is the refugee program helping?  Name 1 person in the opposing party who you are looking forward to working with.  What will you do to properly enforce H1B Visa affidavits requirements?  Do you have financial loans or business connections to Saudi Arabia, Iran, Syria  How do you break gridlock in Congress to push thru infrastructure program  Is a life lost to terrorism more important than a life lost to gun violence?  Are current vetting standards for refugees enough? Why or why not?  If elected how would you change the way we treat and view the elderly?  Do you support and will you increase funding for Planned Parenthood?  If elected President, would you support reforms to make it easier to vote?  How would you solve the looming military readiness crisis?  How would you reduce the depoliticize the federal court system?  Would you consider taxing Wall Street a 1% sales tax on every transaction?   Can our national forests/parks be a buttress against climate change?  What will you do to repeal the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986  Would you support a $5k bonus to   Social Security Recipients?  When do you think US military intervention in foreign countries is warranted?  America's prosperity demands infrastructure and jobs. How will you pay for this?  How will you persuade Congress to enact your proposals?  What is your opinion on the so-called "bathroom bill"?  What investments would you make in trade/non-college education?   How will you provide Americans more access to mental healthcare instead of jail?  How would you change America from entitlement to accountability?  What should we do about Russia's blatant interference in our election?  Should elected politicians be subject to public healthcare and retirement laws    What is one question you want your opponents to answer?  What are you doing NOW to help Native Nations NOT have tanks on their land  How will you lessen the impact of big fossil-fuel money on legislators?  Do you support Free Breakfast and Lunch for K-12 students?  Should concealed carry permits have reciprocity across all state lines?  How do you ensure the 1% pay their fair share?  What is your stand on Population Control?  Has the federal government become too big and disconnected from the people?   What will you do to ensure domestic stability before funding foreign agendas?  What is your plan to overhaul the tax code?  What's your plan to close tax loopholes business use to avoid paying tax  What would you say to a child of an active serviceman who lives on food stamps?  Do you support GMO labeling on food products?  Will you work with Congress to limit immigration from terrorists countries?  Do you support freedom of choice in schools?   Is it possible to grow exponentially, forever on a planet with finite resources?  As minimum wage goes to $15/hour, how will you help unprepared retirees cope?   How will you secure America's digital infrastructure from foreign threats?  Why do politicians continue false claims about man-made global warming?  What proof do you have that your plan will create jobs.  Would you opely defend a person's right to criticize any and all religions?   How do you plan to keep terrorists from entering the USA?  State and federal aid for illegals  What is your plan to reduce childcare costs for working mothers? Please explain?  Will you defend or demolish our support and friendship with Israel?  How should I explain to my daughter that powerful men are allowed to grab her?  What measures will you take to reform the election process?  What actions do you think should be taken in the South China Sea?  Very simply, do you believe in the theory of evolution?  What changes would you make to our environmental protection laws?  What will you do to strengthen whistleblower protections?  There has been rhetoric about making America great again. When was America great  How does one amass $160M net worth as a public servant?  How would you go about prohibiting gun sales to individuals on the watch lists?  Please explain in what order and priority you would deport illegal immigrants?  Megachurches are profitable business. Do you feel their incomes should be taxed?  How do we truly get special interest money out of DC and stop pay to play?  When you look internationally which countries are friends and which foes?  Will you continue the wet foot, dry foot policy?  What qualities will you look for in a Supreme Court nominee?   Do you support pay increases for caregivers for people with disabilities?  Why would immunity be needed in an FBI investigation?  Do you as a candidate, commit to protection of due process for whistleblowers?   Do you see the Constitution as a "Living Document," or absolute Law of the Land?  Has Obamacare been good or bad for our country, and why?  Do you know 18 U.S.Code 2071 forbids unlawful destruction of government records?  Has the US balanced individual privacy and national security correctly?   What would you do about our reduced freedoms by laws like the Patriot Act?  How will you make college affordable without increasing the national debt?  What do you think of H1B Visas?  What environmental policies do you consider effective?  What are your objections to socialized medicine in the U. S.?  What steps will you take to avoid financial conflicts of interest?  How will you address student loan debt  that college graduates face today?   How will you make sure anyone who needs it gets truly affordable health care?  Will you work to end the apartheid situation currently in place in Palestine?  What are your specific plans for either improving or replacing Obamacare?  How do you react to the administrations decision to destabilize Libya and Syria?  What is your #1 spending priority, and how would you propose funding it?   Is the use of drones for targeted killings morally and legally justified?  Veterans and families are homeless illegals get aid, shelter, food, benefits Why  What is your plan for securing our nation's borders?  What will you do to reduce, or end, excessive police force in our country?  What will you do to stop police brutality?  Should the DEA reclassify cannabis or be defunded if they do not do so?  As president what will you do to ensure DOJ, FBI, IRS, etc remain non-political   How will you toe the line between individual privacy and gov't surveillance?  Will you end fossil fuel use immediately as advised by top climate scientists?  8 U.S. Code  1324a - Unlawful employment of aliens  Are you willing to put American lives at risk simply to be 'kind' to refugees?  Should we ban circumcision?  What is your opinion of The Bureau Of Land Management's corrupt practices?  What would you do to help the mentally ill people receive services?  How much is Congress to blame for our situation? How will you work with them?  What plans do you have to reform our current foreign trade agreements?  Do you think religous freedom gives people license to discriminate?  Would you support repeal of the GPO and WEP Social Security laws?  Which is more important: "law and order", or "justice -- for all";  and, why?  Should saluting the flag or standing for the national anthem be mandatory?  What effect has BHO's blockage of Keystone Pipelne (and others) had on America?  How would you reform H1B visa program to put more Americans in American jobs?  Please spell out your plan for making the electoral process more inclusive.  Please give example of how you have created jobs for the middle class.  Do you support using money we already spend to make public college tuition free?  What is the PRIMARY role of POTUS, and how do you see yourself performing it?  What will you do as President to alleviate the housing crisis in our cities?  If your party does not control the House and Senate, how will you work with Them  How is the noncompliance of existing immigration laws affecting our society?  What makes you a more reliable and  trustworthy choice than your opponent?  How can you understand regular Americans, given your wealth and influence.  Please explain your understanding of the separation of powers in our democracy.  Will you stop politicians from engaging in paytoplay personal enrichment schemes  Congress seems hopelessly partisan and deadlocked. What will you do to fix it?    What is your plan for drug policy reform?  Will you end US overthrowing of democratically elected governments?  How will you pay for badly needed infrastructure and related good paying jobs?  What are the major values or principles you live by?  If elected would you be for or against drug testing for welfare recipients?  How do you intend to improve the US Education Performances?  Why does the US continue to suport nations that commit war crimes?  How will you crackdown on companies misusing H-2B visas for cheap migrant labor?  Why are there so many police shootings against black citizens?   As clearly as you can, please explain your understanding of the Syrian conflict.  What will you do to protect low-income seniors who  can't survive on SSI?  Is the American election system fair to third party candidates?  Would you support licensing and oversight of police officers?   How will you ensure Americans are empowered to have ind. healthcare options?  Do you believe police violence against communities of color needs to stop?  Do you think access to the internet is a human right?  How will you use the "Bully Pulpit" of POTUS to ensure Voter's Rights?  If a Republican Congress sends you  a repeal of Obamacare; will you sign it?  How will you confront the escalating costs of climate change?  If you are elected president, what will you do to protect the biosphere?  What will you do to get American companies to repatriate their overseas funds?  Will you return us to this sensible immigration policy?  Do you support reforming birthright citizenship in the future?   Immigration  Minimum wage is not a "liveable wage"? What about Social Security Disability?  What would you do about aging infrastructure in American cities?  How will you fix distorted voter intents via spoiler effect and gerrymandering?  Do you value a free,open press & regard it as the fourth branch of our gov't ?  Will you act to repeal citizens united?  How do you justify billions in aid to Israel when we have such a huge deficit.  What will you do to make sure banks don't take down the global economy again?  Do you believe our country needs new, tougher gun laws to reduce the violence?  What are your views on climate change and carbon emission policies?  Are you aware that you're lying when you make statements that are clearlyfalse?   What do you you have to say to the Bernie supporters who feel cheated?  Would you support birth control requirement for welfare parent after 2nd child?  Should there be a Federal mandate for educating the nation's police force?  What can we do about Tax laws that are complex and full of loopholes?   Would you remove industry specific exemptions from laws to insure fair treatment  What will you do to stop Climate Change, and do you have a workable plan?  What will you do to make housing affordable for the majority of Americans?  What do you think is the source of creation of jobs and wealth in society?  How will you tackle the abuse of H1b and L1 work visas?  If elected, would you support electoral reform, such as instant-runoff voting?  What will you do to combat homelessness?  Why should the U.S. provide Mexico with $62 Billion in foreign aid?   How will you address the rise of the alt-right and other white nationalists?  Do you think we should expand Social Security and Medicare or privatize them?  Should active gov. officials be allowed to have private family foundations?  How you would inlist other countries co-operation to defeat  terrorism?  Should individuals named on the the "Do not Fly" list have access to firearms?  What steps would you take to improving the lives of young LGBT Americans?  Do you believe Global Warming is man made?  What steps will you take to stop misogyny-based violence and harassment?  If tax cuts for wealthy work, why weren't 2005/6/7 our best years ever?  What will you do to combat child abuse and improve services for abused kids?  Which Founding Father do you admire most and why?   Why should your charity take money from countries that oppress women and gays ?   How will you stop the death of unarmed Black people at the hands of police?  In case of international collapse of our money system what is the recovery plan?  How are you going to help end discrimination of LGBT+ youth in America   America is the most powerful country in the world yet we score in the 30's when   Trickle down economics didn't work in the past, why would it work now?  Do you believe that public universities should be tuition free?  What are your top-3 national security and/or foreign policy priorities?   Do you support a path to citizenship for unauthorized immigrants & what is it?  Will you pardon whistleblowing heroes like Chelsea Manning and Edward Snowden?   How will you end BIG PHARMA?  Should children of immigrants be stripped of citizenship if they pose a threat?  Do you think that immigration needs to at least be minimized in California?  Should congress get paid for time not spent passing laws?  What are your thoughts on American workers wages?  Do you believe employers should be penalized for hiring undocumented workers?  Will you appoint judges that recognize the right to same sex marriage?  Why does Congress feel entitled to 67 holidays, 3 wk vacations, etc?   What will you do to combat welfare fraud and people who abuse the system?  Why don't we follow-up on Spending Bills to verify their effectiveness?  Do you support a constitutional amendment to end gerrymandering?  What about climate change?  Will you support demilitarizing the police?   What would you do to insure our Second Amendment rights are never in fringed on?  Should oil/gas companies be held responsible for earthquakes and flooding?  Future years of Social Security Solvency and Protection  Do you support stricter gun control laws?.   Will you commit to overturning Citizen's United?  What loopholes will you close so people can not pay to play or game our system?  What multi point plan do you have to stop illegal immigration?  With the raising of the minimum wage, what is your plan for social security?   What do you think caused the housing collapse in 2008?  What are you guys going to do about the pollution problem we have in the United?  22% of income went to the 1% in 2015. How will you reform income distribution?    What would you do to protect religious freedom for citizens and business owners?  Why do politicians still claim that tax cuts will create economic growth?  How would you prevent wasted funds in all government agencies & not oversight?  What, if anything, will you do about the Muslim problem in the United States.  Why lower taxes on the rich when that is proven to not create jobs?  Will you stop paying "aid" to foreign nations that no longer are in need?  What has been your biggest leadership mistake, and how have you learned from it?  Should everyone that is on welfare be  drug tested?   How would you protect America from any Islamic laws/ideals being incorporated?   What will you do to improve the plight of America's inner cities?  How much of a threat to US interests do you believe that Putin and Russia are?  What are your plans to address climate change?  Man-made climate change is a serious threat to our survival: True or False?  What will you do to Subpoena William Thompson, CDC Whistle-blower re MMR fruad   How do you view the federal government's role in funding scientific research?  What alternative ideas do you have in help lowering college tuition?  What steps will you take to raise the standard of living for all workers?  What is your position on campaign finance reform?   Will you help to stop the sport hunting of animals in our country and others?  What is your plan to protect the earth's biodiversity, upon which life depends?   Do you have a plan for making medicines affordable for all Americans?  How are you going to help the middle class that is still struggling?  How would you fight domestic terrorism?  How will you protect the rights of those who are non-religious?  Why should we continue to take in refugees from Syria?  Is a wall or fence at the border a good way of preventing illegal immigrants?  Why are felons and illegal immigrants allowed to vote?  What will you do to address water crises in California and across the US?  Will you fast track renewable energy & end fracking, dangerous to water supply.   Isn't it time for a moratorium on immigration?    How do you plan to reestablish trust between police and the community?  Do you advocate for an Art. 5 convention of the States?  How will you improve current requirements for reuse/repurposing/recycling?  Would you support strengthening our labor laws to foster union growth?  How will you support states to develop & maintain their Mental Health Department  Does Big Money affect our democracy?  If so, what would you do to address it?  Do you condemn the actions of the DNC in their bias against a candidate?   Would you continue to grant a million+  work permits every year to immigrants?  Do you support the right of creative people to protect what they create?  How will you keep women on college campuses safe from sexual assault and rape?  What is your stance on mandatory vaccinations?  Why should Plan'd Parnthd get tax $ when they profit from selling fetal remains?  What will you do to hold genocide perpetrators like Sudan's Bashir accountable?  Would you personally pay more or less under your proposed tax plan?  What is your plan for ensuring Congress has the scientific counsel it needs?   Should hate speech and blatant lies be allowed by a candidate for president?  What have you personally done to promote equality & development of women at work  How would  you respond to a provocation by Iranian vessels toward US ships?  How will you protect our children at school from mass shootings?  Employees Taking The Fifth  Will you support new laws to regulate electronic voting machines?  Do you believe in science?  How would you get Republicans and Democrats to cross the aisle and cooperate?   What is your plan to address the melting ice caps & glaciers, rising sea levels?  Should elected officials be held more accountable for breaking the law?  Do you agree that 1 million legal immigrants each year to the U.S. is too many?  Will you end sanctuary city policies that prohibit police cooperation with ICE?  Do you agree that debates should be about policy, not insults and name calling   Would you outlaw PAC money allowing only individual limited contributions.  Will you continue to provide support to sanctuary cities ignoring Fed'l law?  What are your specific plans to address health care needs and costs?  What would you do as President to ensure that LGBT youth are supported?  Do you believe government officials should contribute to social security  How will you stop voter registration fraud?  Should we continue funding charter schools with tax payer dollars?  Where do you stand on a national carbon tax and revenue neutral dividend?  When would you use nuclear weapons and what do you think would be the outcome?  As President,will you ensure a budget is passed every year?  Shouldn't a president be held to higher standard of behavior than school kids?  How would you eliminate waste in the pentagon budget?  Are Your Charitable Foundations Run Properly And Transparently?  Global warming poses a huge risk to our economy. How will you address this risk?  How will you deal with the inequality regarding women pay in the work place?  Is the way we finance elections a problem for democracy? What should change?  Should a candidate have to fully disclose their medical history?  Why or why not  What will you do to cut down on America's carbon footprint?  Do you support the We The People Constitutional amendment?  Do you believe "ag-gag" laws are constitutional?   Why do pharma companies get the patents funded by public research?  Please define the term, "Assault Rifle."  Should churches that endorse political candidates lose their tax exemptions?  Most adverse reactions to vaccines go unreported.  How will you change that?  mandate government employees to the very same health care help as we the people   What is your policy regarding legal immigration of Muslims to America?  What is your plan to stop the spread of radical Islamic terrorism?  Do you have any plans for the corruption in Congress and other high officials?   Why is illegal immigration even a debate? It's against the law!  What would you do to reduce economic hardship and poverty in America?  What is your stance on the privatization of water? Should it be allowed?  What is your plan to reduce the use of single-use plastics & styrofoam  Why was no support sent to Benghazi when the US compound was attacked?  1 in 5 college women experienced rape or sexual harrassment. How will you addres  What have you done to combat the objectification of women?  How would you fix problem of 40%   illegal immigrants being from expired visas?  How will you support our countries domestic agricultural industry?   How would you address off shore tax havens and what would you do about them?  Are we incarcerating too many people?  How are you going to tackle mental health coverage?  Who should hold the Federal Reserve Bank Accountable to the American People?  What is your plan, to make the cost of healthcare and medicine more affordable?  Will you block the Dakota Access Pipeline?  How are you going to make mental health care more accessible?  If elected President  would you enforce our current immigration laws?  What is your plan to overhaul America's crumbling roadways and freeways?  Are Citizens United, PACs and  election financing good for the US democracy?  Will you support federal law suits against the media for libel & slander?  What will you do to reform our water systems in america to prevent another flint  What is your plan to ensure women's safety and dignity in America?  Should security clearances be revoked for mishandling classified information?  How important is US citizens security, compared with religous liberties of Islam  As commander in chief, would you enforce immigration laws of this country?  Why perpetrate the deception of a video as the cause of the Benghazi uprising?  Will you investigate how abused women and children are treated in Family Courts   Would you support a bill to limit terms in every office to two?  Would you make Animal Abuse a Felony?  Explain why private citizens should be allowed to buy & own assault rifles.  Do you support term limits on terms in Congress?  What will you do to protect our native species and National Parks?  Tell me of a time you stood up in support of another's civil rights.  How will your tax plan specifically help the middle class? Earning $25K-$125K/yr  Why can illegal immigrants vote in elections in the US?  What are the specifics of your immigration policy?  Would you break up the big banks?  Do you support campaign finance reform?  How will you ensure that the circle of life is protected from top predators down  Will you protect our water supply and our right to clean drinking water.  Should citizens have the right to own and possess firearms for protection?  How would you change Social Security and Medicare?  Will you support a moratorium on fracking?  Why or why not?  Do you have any Sharia Law advocates on your staff??  The maximum tax on social security is $7,347 would you remove this cap?  How do you plan to stop jobs going overseas?  Do you support a change to residence-based taxation and a repeal of FATCA?  What will you do to ensure that members of Congress must participate in Obamacar  Should anybody deemed careless with classified material keep a sec. clearance?  Do you support the continuation of social security and medicare?  Will you enforce immigration laws presently on books, to the letter of the law?  How will 1 trillion+ in new taxes be good for the middle and lower class?  Do you believe in global warming, and what would you do to correct it?  What actions will you take to ensure that all schools have adequate funding?  Why is it alright to bring in illegal immigrants and refugees?  Should businesses be penalized for hiring illegal immigrants?  Lobbyists play a huge part of how Congress votes. What would you do to stop that  Do you personally believe that corporations should be treated as individuals?  Will you make e-verify mandatory within the first few days in office?  Could you each explain your understanding of affirmative sexual consent?  How will you change declining labor participation and domestic labor wages?  What will you do to bring US drug prices into line with the rest of the world?  Do you believe a course in High School about The Constitution should be required  Please name several scientists who will advise you on climate change..  Should government officials be charged with perjury for lying under oath?  Are there any medical conditions you have not revealed to the american people?  Do you believe that the cost of higher education is out of control?   Should Government employees get the same, not more, benefits as other Americans?  How will you make up the cost to American tax payers for illegal aliens?  Have you ever received money from Saudi Arabia?  What will you do to revitalize american manufacturing?  How will you change taxing to help the quality of life for middle class?  Social Security & Medicare are underfunded by $70 trillion.How will you fix this  Will you promise to enforce our current immigration laws, & mandate E-Verify?  Will you terminate the H-1B program which takes jobs from American engineers  Is there a threat of ISIS members entering the U.S. as refugees, as in Germany?  What did you pay in taxes the last 5 years? can we see your tax returns?  What would you do to make the 1% pay their fair share of taxes?  Would you repeal the Social Security offsets that hurt retired public employees?  What will you do to stop the overuse of antibiotics in animal agriculture?  What will you do to stop mega-mergers between giant agriculture companies?  Should CEOs be held criminally liable 4 systemic fraud/malpractice/ negligence?  Will you support the rights of Americans first, by eliminating Sanctuary Cities?  what would you do if someone grabbed you daughter's crotch in a sexual advance?  How would you reverse the failed war on drugs and DEA overreach?  What are your plans for dealing with the 600,000 plus homeless.  What will you do to support small farmers and organic agriculture?  Do you support making English the official language of the United States?   What are you going to do to modernize and harden the nation's power grid?  Why can't we STOP Fraud in Soc.Sec., Welfare, Disability, Food Stamps, etc.?  Why are laws not being enforced concerning illegal immigration?  Should tax breaks for corporations that outsource American jobs be eliminated?  Should we require candidates make their tax returns publicly available?  Will you properly fund and protect our National Parks and wildlife heritage?  What will you do to remove money from politics?  Do you support mandatory labeling of genetically engineered foods?  Is it alright to destroy emails under Congressional subpoena?  What will you do to address the disappearing bee and butterfly populations?  Name 3 specific things you have done for the middle class.  Why are almost 100 million Americans not participating in the Labor Force?  What actions will you take to regulate Wall Street and protect Main Street?  How would you stop special interest money from corrupting our democracy?  How will you increase renewable energy and eliminate fossil fuel dependence?  How would you fix our broken mental healthcare system?  Why do we continue to provide aid to countries that are obviously NOT our allies  Is Climate Change a national security issue?  Why or why not?  How will you help 42 million Americans facing food insecurity?  What's your plan to tackle the large public health crisis: Alzheimer's disease?  If you deport my parents, what happens to me?  Would you act to repeal citizens united?  Would you support requiring criminal background checks for all gun sales? 
National Debt  Is it time for American to separate Men and Women like Saudi Arabia?  Do you support the demilitarization of police, enforcement of use of body cams?  Why are the least talented people always in charge?  Describe the three planetary attributes that control the growth of ice caps?  Do you believe in original sin?  How does " Moral Compass" impact the words and deeds of a US President ??  How can charter schools, being public schools, be used as a leverage for reform?  Are you a Saint or an Angel?  Would you consider enabling a ceiling on the interest rate of a home loan?  Will increasing federal taxes allow us to spend our way to prosperity?  What do you believe are the most powerful concepts in our idea of America  Do you have feet of clay?  Is the decision not to destroy our enemies oil supply lines morally superior?  If one party controls both houses, will you veto every bill?  How about just making health care costs a direct tax credit?  You are both rich, but are you financially stable?  Would you encourage the USSC to review the decision of Roe vs Wade?   Do you trust Pakistan as US ally?  If the Affordable care act is repealed are you going to replace it with a plan.   Will you appoint Dennis Rodman Secretary of State?  What would you do to prevent further climate change?  How will you get a supreme court justice appointed?  Will you appoint Barack Obama ti the Supreme Court?  How will you embrace and help students with exceptional abilities in school?  Please, explain the difference between VISION vs. COUNTER PUNCHING.  How will you and your party commit to an Absolute American agenda?   What is one policy or stance you agree with other presidential candidate on?  Why do you agree or disagree with the "war on coal" allegation?  Do you urge that inflation-adjusted asset price histories be very often shown?  When, to you, do the needs of individuals outweigh the needs of corporations?  If you met my daughter, and spent one hour with her: What would be her benefit?  How embarrassed were you by your VP pick's debate performance?  How will you balance the federal budget to avoid the next depression  Will people with illness like asthma get reduced healthcare?  What proposals do you have to balance the needs of national security and privacy  Which was the greatest ancient culture?  Should healthcare cover all cosmetic procedures?  There is a claim that child rearing practices change very slowly.  Are you a really a nihilist?  Is murder in name of religion legal?  what do you plan to do about college tuition  How do you plan to change course of Americas civil war against police brutatlity  Should America, like France, seek to be a truly secular country?  Do you believe "Congress shall not meddle with the people's culture" is needed?  Do you believe their is a difference between fair, and just. If so how  how are you going to make people with  low income pay for there health care?  What would you do to improve the religious freedoms of Christians here at home?   How many days have you gone without clean water? How many days could you go?  Why are you running for President?  Explain the halting problem.  What is your position on baseline budgeting?  What will you do as President to fix mental illness in our Country?  Will you reduce federal government and allow the private sector to create jobs?  How should we respond to the growing threat from right-wing Christian extremists  Hiw would you build upon the benefits of  the ACA and expanded Medicaid?  How will you make sure that every child gets a proper and helpful education?   Do American companies belong to Americans?  Government transitions are rarely peaceful, how will you prepare?  Please comment on the recent controversy over the Ghost Busters movie?  As in Syria which minority should rule America?  Do you support declaring everyone on the planet a US citizen?  If there was another "World War" who would win?  Wallace or Darwin?  why is it ok to have a fence to protect the white house but not elsewhere   Explain your management style  What will you do to stop the rampant murder of innocent transgender women?  How do you intend to protect America, when classified emails are not safe?  Are you prepared for the violence that will break out after the election?  Politicians are elected officials that serve at the will of the people  How does negative campaigning show that YOU are qualified to be president?  Would you extend the 2 year term for members of the House ?   What jobs did you do when you were growing up and in school for spending money?  Treat the IRS as our Accounts Receivable department and increase its funding.  In America, is sacrifice now only defined by being a gold star parent?  The WSJ recently had an article on the evils of cash.  Why are Italian American still the butt of jokes and red lining?  Explain the difference between concrete and functional thought?  As President, would you support the Oil and Gas Industry?  Does the Tyranny of the Majority keep you awake at night?  Are humans more or less a species of ape?  You have both said and done things you regret?  What actions will you take to heal the increasing societal divide?  Which federal governmental Departments/agencies will you eliminate?  You have both proven dishonest, unlawful, and unpopular, how are you candidates?  Has demeaning rhetoric contributed to racial and ethnic tensions?  Should refundable tax credits be eliminated if it exceeds funds paid in ?     What does "integrity" mean to you and how would it influence your presidency?  Since "high school" never ends, how will you make society fair and just for all?  Please tell us why you want to be president   Our water is being polluted and stolen. How will you protect our water supply?  What are you going to do to protect the rights of LGBTQ youth?  What will you do to help those veterans from the gulf war 90-91 and are ill ?  How will you deal with government sponsored genocide?  Is referring to the 2016 as "the unblackening" racist?  Do you support armed insurrection?  Your organization of Office of the President? What would you do/delegate?  If alcohol was unknown and just discovered would you support legalization?  Should massages for all Americans be in healthcare plans?  Would you support abortion up to the age of 18?  Will you gain or lose money  every year if your tax plan is implemented?  At what point will you begin construction on the moon base?  Do you support reparations for indentured workers?  How would you add Military Personnel to straighten The Military  Explain how an idea becomes a law.   As president, what steps will you take to combat climate change?   Affordable Care Act: Repeal or replace?  How will you make sure everyone has access to affordable health care  What steps would you take to stem the growing problem of opioid abuse in the US?  Will you support Gary Johnson's participation in the third debate?  Will you continue the policy of President Obama to improve relations with Cuba?  Will you stop the alt-right using hate symbols like Pepe to spread hate online?  How will bills get passed when congress always adds to bill for their benefits  With trillions of stars in the universe, are we alone?  What would you do in the event of confronting an expansionist dictatorship?  Over 58% of land in 10 western states is government owned and controlled.  Why?  how are you planning to make houses more affordable for lower income citizens.  Will you prosecute politicians guilty of breaking our Laws against Treason?  Which is more important, nature or nurture?  What will you do to stop large corporate banks from defrauding customers/public?  Name 3 foreign economists & describe how their positions influence US policy.  Should each country have a population cap enforced they the United Nations?  How should the US respond if Flight MH17 was shot down by a Russian missile?  Did the South lose the Civil War, or like Korea, is there just an armistice?  Why was the 1994 Clinton Assault Rifle ban completely ineffective?  Compare the black lives matter movement to the Palestinian Intifada.  Why is the First President of the United States of American considered great?  How will you handle cops shooting black people   What are you going to do to create more bi-partisanship in Washington?  German expansion during WW2, was it immigration, migration, or invasion?  What should we do about gay people?  Does God answer prayers?  What will you do to reform the training system of the police?  How will you make college affordable for first generation college students  Do you support cash payments for reverse immigration?  Why do candidates continue to deny saying what they've clearly said on video?  Will either of your respective foundations accept money from FOREIGN countries?  How do you plan on addressing organizations and zoos that abuse animals?  Do Senators in not considering Obama's SCOTUS choice break their oath of office?  How do you plan on dealing with Iran?   Is diversity  more important than qualifications?  How do you reassure the American voters that you are trustworthy of this office?  Should all US, tax-paying citizens model their behavior after the GOP candidate?  How will you propose to get a legislative proposal through a divided Congress?  As President, what is your plan to prevent mishandling of government information  What do you think about these ideas?  What is your favorite scientific relationship and why.  If you could, would you change the order of the colors in a rainbow?  Are terrorists simply deranged?  If America was to become another country, which country should American become?  Should Americans save other Americans or save themselves?  For all the years you gave in Public Service, what was the most challenging and   What are your thoughts about a true single-payer healthcare system?  Do you think the education system should be changed?   What is your stance on expanding or contracting the H-1B visas program?  Should there be a multi-year cash flow audit of presidential candidates?  What is the future if mass demonstrations occur over the 2016 elections?  would you trade deductions for lower rates in a vastly simplified tax code?  Did George Washington envision equal security for Presidents and US citizens?  How will you make the entire world completely fair and just for everyone?  How can we be sure that your trusts don't conflict with America's best interests  Can the United States be ran like a 5-Star hotel?  Would you support virtual laws?  Do hold a biblical view of the world or  an educational view?  Compare how you treat women with how your opponent does.  Who was worse? Hitler, Stalin, Churchill, Roosevelt, Mussolini or Tojo?  Should America replace its current citizens with immigrants?  Can you justify ccepting money from foreign countries who treat women poorly?   How would you have better negotiated healthcare reform with Congress?  Both should release 2 pages of 1040 and 1 page of Schedule A for past 10 years.  Civilizations rise and fall, what is the lesson?  Explain what the tyranny of the majority means?    Why hasn't the government produced a budget and continues defect spending?  Will you support legislation to ban advertising of medicine?  have you ever conducted any business in cuba ??  Do you think Bush was behind 9/11?  Do you believe there is intelligent life in the universe?  Will you agree to receive a full physical and have the results disclosed?  What is your perspective on the rising costs and profits in the health industry?  Your proposal to address the growing national debt and entitlement shortfall?  What do you think will happen to unwanted children if forced to carry to term?  What is the federal government's role in job creation?  Do men have any responsibility for the children they bring into the world?    Will you support nonviolent solutions to national and international conflicts?  When do we know the right level and amount of government?  Do religious beliefs disqualify one from everything and anything?  Do "Baby Boomer" lives matter?  Have you paid your fair share of Federal Income Taxes?  A democracy depends on an educated populace. Do you support poll tests?  How will you handle working with those who criticize you, at home and abroad?  What should the US or UN  do to correct our failed foreign policy in Syria NOW?  What role should the UN play in the USA?  Why do we say democracy, when we are a constitutional republic?  Will you pass legislation to protect ugly people from discrimination?  Would you support bringing all veterans under Medicare?  How will you improve relationships between other ethnic groups within the US?  Would you support a multi billion dollar science experiment? Any specific one?  Is your Presidential  rival more evil or clueless or both?  Is lying about ugly socks for Christmas the same as government "obfuscation"?  Does America already have enough crazy people?  What will you do about the jobs in america for people with low credit?  Compare and contrast you position on gun control with that of Vladimir Putin  which was worse, fast and furious or the IRS targeting conservative groups?  Gary Johnson and Jill Stein supporters?  How can we be sure you will serve the best interests of the US and not your own?  How will you address the gross inequality in the family Court system!  What is your stance on keeping guns in law abiding citizens hands?   If the 9/11 Victims Bill came across your Presidential desk, would you Veto it?  Do you support a Hawaii only for Hawaiians?  What are you going to do to create more of a partisan atmosphere in Washington?  Will you house refugees in any of your vacant mansions as President?  How would you respond to "the poor will always be with us"?  Should American proactively save the peoples of the World?  Explain why the moderators for the debate are qualified to ask questions?  Do the candidates support term limits for Congress and state governments?  What are you going to do to secure the long term financial of the United States.  What will you do to ensure the complete elimination of nuclear weapons ?  What is your position on women in combat roles in the military?  My mom beats me every night. How will you reduce domestic abuse if elected?   How will you address abuses of the right to Equal Protection Under the Law?  How do you plan to enforce employment age discrimination law for baby boomers?    What will you do as POTUS to help Americans save enough to retire on?  Do you support the 340B drug price program ?   Fracking, mining, etc.  Middle ground.   Why is agreement a problem ?  When do we know the right level and amount of government?  Tell them to avoid the police!  On North Korea and Iran?  How will you support jobs in the oil/natural gas/mineral industry in the US?  what would your ideal executive branch look like?  How will you deal with American becoming a country of "colors".  Is education about learning or indoctrination?  40% of births are outside of marriage. What does this mean for kids and families  Do you support a national identification card?  What is your plan to help the Americans affected by automation/globalization?  What is your opinion of the skills of the current Federal workforce in general?   What is your stance on using collateral sanctions to deter drug crime?  What is the best US success to help poverty with our neighbor Haiti?  College is not about education but joining an exclusive club, how to fix that?   What is your position on "Gay Marriage and the Military"  What responsibility, if any, do men have to their children?  Equal to women?  Do you support extra sin taxes on sugary drinks and other foods?  If people were dogs, what breed would best describe the American spirit?  Do you think the holocaust would have been possible with an armed populous  Healthcare  Who will be your nomination for the next supreme court Judge?  What would YOU do as President to help the Veterans, Military and their families  Noble Savages?  Name your favorite book.  Will you submit a balanced budget to Congress every year of your presidency?  Do you agree with Stephen Hawking that space aliens pose  a danger to humans?  Are Americans all equal or are they all equivalent?  When, in your opinion, should a President be impeached?  Is income tax legal and if so why?  Which is worse? Slavery or Genocide?  How to eliminate tobacco smoking?  Explain is a specific recent instance when you were wrong.   Will America be a "better place" with 322 Million people or 1 billion people?  Would you provide more resources to supporting the U.S. than other countries?  What would you do about the drug problem in America?  As President, would you always work within the limits of the Constitution  Have you ever worked with people you dislike or disagree with for a common good?  Would you consider a fair flat tax, possibly scaled & eliminate all deduction?   Will you consider ending the U.S. unquestioning support of Israel  How do plan to keep your spouse from embarrassing all of America?  Who was more successful at gun control, Hitler or Stalin?  Did affirmative action help or hurt African Americans?  If a war could not fix Iraq and Afghanistan, how will more policing fix America?  Australian style gun confiscation  What particular terms of the TPP agreement are you against and why?  What is the most important invention, scientific principle, or science thing?  Do you support guaranteeing solvency of the Social Security Trust Funds?  What is your action plan for children who are hungry every day?  Please state CLEARLY and IN DETAIL your plan to defeat ISIS, abroad and at home?  Do you plan to protect seniors from harassment in subsidize housing?  How will you stop one group treating another group badly?  Do Palestinians have the right to defend themselves?  What has been the most shocking wikileaks revelation during this election?  Is there a plan for the future of Puerto Rico?  It is treated like a colony.  Is "I have nothing to hide" a justifiable argument for Government surveillance?  Explain the causes and outcomes of the Napoleonic, WWI and WW2 wars.  Democracy requires that EVERYONE counts as 1, not more than 1, not less than 1 !  Do you believe major media outlets are capable of unbiased debate moderation?  Do you support providing weapons to non Nato countries under attack?  Are college student loans simply wealth transfer?  How have you served the public interest in the past forty years?  How will you protect the Constitution of The US?   STEM lightening round.  Should there be a minimum and maximum age for the President?  Why does a basic phone line cost $40.00 a month?  Does a $250,000 college loan borrower face the risk as an entrepreur borrower?  Should government workers and legislators be covered by public health care?  What will you do to bridge the increasing party divide in Congress?  With the advent of the Internet can America move to a true democracy?  Regarding foreign debt.  Would you make it mandatory removal from office for compromising national  secur  How would you ensure equal pay for females?  Can you describe the charitable work that has been done by your foundation?  The "epidemic of gun violence"  Would you support a federal gun buyback program funded by tax on Ammunition?  Why was the 1994 Assault Weapon ban completely ineffective?  How will you assure that elections are not rigged?  What event in your life made you an environmentalist?  How will you protect our Freedom OF Religion?  Explain how the Internet works?  Is there ever a point at which immigration to the U.S. should stop?   How do we support those who are losing their jobs to robotics and tech advances?  Is it better to think locally and act globally or think globally and act locally  What is the greatest threat to life on Earth?  How will you commit to working towards global nuclear disarmament?  If society can't solve minor problems, how can the world solve Global Warming?  Will you include people with autism in your administration?  What specifically would you do differently to direct veterans based research?  What would your response be to the apparent start of a world wide pandemic?  How would our Founding Fathers react to a ban on Muslims entering this country?  What actions will you take to address systemic racism in the police force?  Wells Fargo Fraud.  If president, how will you improve corporate culture.  Is single payer or privatization the best solution to failing obamacare?  Do you support eliminating the US Dept of Ed. and empowering States?  Would you support a tax on accumulated wealth?  Vacation Time: American vs. Europe. Shouldn't we be winning?  Please release a transcript of your college education.  What is your plan for immigrants that have documents versus no documents?  What effect, if any, can a president's words and tweets have on the world?   Where is my free, tax payer funded, govt sponsored AR-15?  Do you believe that limiting US population is inherently "racist"?  Why did clean energy boom, then burst the past 8 years?  Do you support the Supreme Court's ruling regarding marriage equality?  Will Gov't reps be held accountable for decisions made on behalf of our country?  Was the Holocaust a one time event or could it happen again?  How will you address ballooning health care costs and how exactly will it help?  Which is more dangerous: dependence on foreign oil or dependence on oil itself?  How will you work with a seemingly always divided congress?  Describe some personal connection you have or have had with the environment?  What would you do to insure there is never a nuclear haulocost?  What steps will you take to ease the recent increase in racial tensions.  What do you plan to do for students entering college to eliminate default loans?  Please explain your theory as to how your programs will improve the economy.    What would you do to combat global warming?  Would you support a return to the gold standard?  Is one homeless US child more important than one tax dollar donated globally?  Is insulting entire groups of people good for our Democracy?  How will you fix the revolving door between Congressmen and Lobbyists?  As a "baby boomer" what will you do for other baby boomers?  Will you abide by and uphold the Constitution as written?  What do you mean when you say "Invest in the middle class"?    What is your position on Sharia Law in America?  Only suckers pay taxes?  Do you believe in Judgement Day wherein you must give account for your actions?  What will you do about Federal Law prohibiting recreational use of marijuana?  What is your actual, real policy, in numbers on taxes  Would you consider taxing US Companies on their total global income?  Do ALL sexual assault victims, both women and men, have equal legal rights?  What would you do with politicians guilty of corruption and influence peddling?  How will you protect the 4th amendment rights of every US citizen?  How would your healthcare plan differ from the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare)?  Do you condone sexual assault?  How will you protect the United States from ISIS performing additional terrorist  Could you support a tax credit for healthcare?  What will you do to ensure the DOJ enforces all the laws on the books?  As Potus, would you pardon the sailor jailed for 6 classified pic on his phone?  Do you find that current immigration levels are hurting the middle class?  What will you do to promote direct democracy at the national level?  Disabled are last ones hired; first ones let go.  Immigration is the problem.  Will you unequivocally protect free speech of media that adamantly opposed you?  Will you continue to support the Paris 2015 agreement to cut carbon pollution?  Do you support gun control laws to make our communities safer?  How will you fix the VA?  What specific actions would you take to unite law enforcement a citizens?  Why should the American public trust you?  How do you justify employing lying as a tool to win an election?  What are you going to do to end racism and bring communities together in America  How exactly will you reform federal welfare?  What is your plan for addressing the abuse of the nation's welfare system?  Would you go farther with the new GMO labeling law, i.e. the Vermont law.  Why are neither of you outraged we are giving over the Internet to the UN Oct.1?  How will you handle Syria?  Do you support concealed carry?  Willl you insure we will never be bound by sharia law as a nation?  How will you bring jobs back into our country?  What is a lie?  What do you want the future of NASA to be and how would you achieve that future?  Do you support "safe spaces" and limits on free speech on college campuses?  Are you in support of the Native American/Global movement blocking pipelines?  Will you aggressively enforce environmental laws ?  Do you support equal pay for equal work for all employees.  Have you ever accepted money from countries that legally kill LGBT people?  What measures will you take to support working parents, particularly women?  Do You Believe Politicians Can Bend, or Break Laws for Personal Enrichement  How would handle a religion in that does not believe in religious freedom?  Why do we subsidize big oil and would you redirect that money to green energy?  Is "statutory bail-in" for Banks okay when they become insolvent?  Should aid to Israel be tied to an end of settlement building in occupied lands?  How will you deal with the undue influence lobbyists have?  What are you going to do about the Extortionests known as the IRS?  Will you ensure that the DOJ enforces all laws and not just certain ones?  Explain the difference between immigration, migration, and invasion?  What will you do to support the shut down of Monsanto & Bayer's Pesticides?  Do you believe that we should be putting more money into our parks?  Would you support a ban on any former elected official from becoming a lobbyist?  Our debt is 19.5 trillion dollars.  What will it be at the end of your 1st term?  Please explain the mission and the accomplishments of your personal foundations.  Would you prosecute a member of you admin for mishandling classified material?   What is your plan to stimulate small business growth?  What will you do to unify our battered and divided American population?  How will u protect our food supply from GMO's & make food labeling transparent?  Will you direct your AG to investigate & prosecute Wall St. Banksters?  If elected, how will you reduce the burdensome regulations placed on businesses?  Would you support attempts to sell or transfer America's public lands to states?  Do you support open borders? 
What, if anything, do you plan to do to ensure this does not happen?  What will you do to support ALL citizens?  How will you promote GMOs?  Can the American people expect honesty from your administration?  What will do you about revenge porn?  How do you propose the US works to uphold the rights presented in the UDHR?  What are implications for US of recent vote against the FARC deal in Columbia?  How would you ensure that there would be no corruption in your administration?  How would you keep corruption from your administration?  Why Should Goldman Sachs employees vote for you?   What is the time limit a candidate is given to actually make a difference????  Do you agree Americans can be held indefinitely without due process?  What importance should the voters put on the character of the candidate?  Would you invade Mexico to get them to pay for the wall  How can a disabled start a Local AM radio station.  What should the federal tax bracket be for a family of 4 with 100,000 income?  What is your plan to combat climate change and build a green economy?  What was the biggest mistake you made because you were wrong about something  Name any foreign banks you have borrowed money from.  How will your prevent the gentrification of American cities?  How would you responded an possible upcoming or surprise natural disaster?   how soon after you get elected will you start to build the wall?  Does the Constitution establish the primacy of individual or collective rights?  How would you stop large corporations from donating to political campaigns ?  What have u have learned from history, & how it will it inform yr foreign policy  Why gov't kept abusing those ADA recipients for jobs & equal access?  Why our country, government & communities excluded PWDS in every state's budget?  How will your policies address the decline of the Fertility Replacement Rate?  How will you defeat ISIS and other terrorist groups?  What is your plan to make sure every American has access to paid family leave?  How will you elect the next supreme court justice; what is you're criteria?  Would you change the tax law concerning student loan forgiveness?   I'd like to know what you would do to help and support people with mental issue?  Should we force Muslims to respect women's rights In the US?  what do you think about the Muslim community, how will you solve these problems?  We have not had an effective legislative government in years.    What is your vision for America in 2020?  What would you do to ensure email confidentiality?What is the current problems?  Everyone wants government to do more and tax less. How will you do it?  How can we end "safe spaces" on Campuses across this nation?  If elected, what steps would you take to combat the growing heroin epidemic ?  Are you going to help the disabled to find good work instead of welfare?  Why lifetime health benefits for 2 or 3 year non-combat veterans?  Should Jews be allowed to live as full citizens in a Palestinian State?  Do police officers deserve the benefit of the doubt during an arrest?  How do religious differences contribute to discord in the Mid-East?   Have you ever set up a charitable foundation and used the funds personally?  How can we expand our military while having a budget that works?  High energy bills is a tax on the working class , does that seem right?  What would you say if one of your children came out and asked for your blessing   What will you do to investigate and prosecute waste,fraud and abuse in the USG?   What is your opinion about SAML 2.0? Should the standard be updated?   How can we support countries that have a death penalty for apostasy?  Would you agree to release your employees from their confidentiality agreements?  Do you support Thorium Nuclear Salt Reactors for our future energy needs?  Should wealthy environmentalist lead by example and fly commercial only?  If opponent wins, will you concede without contesting/protesting the outcome?  What characteristics and skills are required to be the President of the US?  what will you do about global warming?  How would you fix the mess in the middle east made by the Obama administration?  What do you feel the minimum wage should be and effective when?  What will you do to stem the recent aggressiveness by Russia?  How will you simplify the tax code?  How will you ensure affordable healthcare will be maintained uninterrupted?   What would you do about religious liberty and the HHS mandate  How will you address issues and concerns of ALL citizens?     How can you improve insurance for ADA for job consideration?  Please detail what you will do to reform the complexity of taxes?  Is there ever a time when you can see puttingBoots on the ground to fight Isis    Therapy has helped many people. What are your views on it?  Question  How will you make getting forms of government aid more selective and strict?  How can you improve insurance for ADA for job consideration?  Congress is partly responsible for setting the tone in this country.    Are you verifiably sane?  Would you agree to extradite Fethullah Gulen as requested by a major ally  How will you mitigate China's grap of Western pacific?  What is your plan to end the carnage in Syria?  What are your stances on the internet now that ICANN has taken over?  How will the next president help foster trust in our government?  What will you do to close the starting wealth gap between whites and blacks?  If one of your children was being bullied at school how would you address this?  Would you support requiring criminal background checks for all gun sales?   In combatting terrorism, how can the soft power of the State Department be used?  How will you work to bring back tech ed/vocational training ed in schools  As a President, what will you do to stop bullying against Deaf & HoH Americans?  If elected, what can you do to protect the civil rights of Deaf & HoH Americans?  How will you mitigate the effects of a collapse in the dollar and bond bubble?  Is it smart or unpatriotic to pay no taxes? How then is infrastructure fixed?  Will you ensure that access to healthcare will be uninterrupted and affordable?  what is your plan for helping college students pay back their student loans.  Do you support NOAA and its mission goals?   A refugee cost taxpayers 67,000 yr , should we instead spent it on our vets?  How would you deal with increasing  threats posed by Russia / China?   How will you support workers affected by current white collar exemptions?  What are you thoughts on the bias on college campuses.  Will you allow people who know about firearms to influence future firearm laws?  How would you rebuild the credibility of the system, and be able to govern?   What actions do you plan to take to reduce the country's political polarization?  Do you think average wages are to high, to low or just about right?  What role do you foresee for your spouse if you are elected president?  In 10 words or less, name your greatest achievement for the economy or jobs.  What role would your spouse and children have in your administration?  We discuss border control and gun control at length why not terrorist control?  How will you stem the tide against infectious diseases from unvetted aliens?  What specific steps will you take to reduce the national debt?  How would you address the Syrian and African refugee situation   We want tax write-offs for Beloved Pets as is provided for Children.  Can you set up every mental health centers & wellness for Deaf and HoH?   is important to let the American people know your plan to defeat isis  Describe your attitude to risk.  Why are independents not allowed to vote in all primaries?  How can civility be restored to the campaign and election process?  Why do you want to be President?  Will you propose to change those Congress people out & bring new faces for us?  Explain, in your own words, the job of President and how you would approach it.  Would you support a constitutional amendment hand have term limits for Congress   Describe a decision or an action of yours that you later felt was clearly wrong.  Are you willing to speak with actions on ending money in politics?  What do you say to the majority of Americans who are unhappy with both choices?  What are your plans to counter the rise of Anti-Semitism in Europe?  How can reducing political polarization build trust in the American electorate?  How many refugees that have been vetted have not been allowed to enter the US  How will you take to protect our Infrastructure against PRC/Russia hacking  Would you support a constitutional amendment creating a "fiscal rule?"  How will you contain North Korea?  Alcohol prohibition required a Constitutional amendment. Contrast with oth drugs  Can you clarify what programs you want to address incoming illegal immigration?  If elected will you address the fragmentation in our country and, if so, how?  What place do you think government has in autonomous vehicle regulations.  In your own words, what constitutes racism?  What is your definition of a working middle class family?  We are truly fighting a war here. How will you make us safe then keep us safe?  What will you do about the rising costs of apartment and business rents?  Will you support a Constitutional Convention to create systemic change?   Should the president and vp be required to divest all their business interests  What do you think about free birth control/contraception?  how can we prevent people on a no fly list from legally stockpiling weapons  What do you propose to do about cyber attacks as well as Internet recruitment.   Do you support government involvement in romantic relationships of the citizens?  How will you help small businesses, many of whom are dealing with rising rents?  Please explain what your foundations do  Is it racist or xenophobic to want a secure border even if that includes a wall?  Is it not smart to pay taxes?  Would you support policies to make immigration easier for skilled workers?  What would you do to fix our unhealthy American food system?  How many NATO countries do not pay their "fair share"  How should the Three Branches of Government Work Together?  Why are traitor corporations allowed to evade U.S. taxes through "inversion"?  Do you believe positive rights exist (eg Healthcare, etc)?  I constantly hear Democrats say the rich have to pay their fair share please   GMO's  Would you reduce the dollars that go to foreign aid and use it in our cities?  How will you address the increased militarization of our police force?  How can you lead when you are divisive?  What will you do to make sure everyone can have affordable health insurance?  Congress has been unproductive, How will you deal with this if it continues ?   How will you stop the increasing rape and sexual assaults in high schools?  What do you think should be done for trans people living in transphobic homes?  Do you support giving more power to the states?  Do you think the 2nd amendment includes the use of assault/rapid fire weapons?  What do you plan, to strengthen  workers-, womens- and people of Color rights ?   What are 3 ways your opponent has misled the American people about your record?  how would you revise the welfare system.  If your child mocked a person with a disability, how would you respond?  What do you intend to do to put an end to super packs?  Will you commit to cutting foreign aid and spend it in the USA to create jobs?  Why should the Republican and Democrat parties control who is allowed to debate?  How will you make college more affordable?  Do you believe the death penalty and/or life without parole to be moral?    As Chief Executive, what would you do to ensure antitrust laws are enforced?  What's the family's role, and how will you strengthen and empower families?  What steps would you take to prevent another Benghazi-like attack?  Do consider  a rape allegation  a legitimate campaign issue?  Why are personal attacks during debates more relevant than issues  What is your opinion on the Endangered species act?  Is the Constitution open to interpretation or should we rely on original intent?  Why not let each woman make her OWN decision about early abortion?  Should we eliminate the National Firearms Act?  What are 3 keys to helping people in the inner city rise out of poverty?  How and when will you balance the federal budget?  Which country do you believe is the greatest on Earth and why?  How do you plan to address the large population of children with special needs  Medical benefits.  Are you aware of meltdown-free nuclear reactors?  Do you believe the Bakken pipeline is an environmental threat?  Where do you stand on fracking?  Do you believe that reparations be made to Native Americans before anyone else  In your own words what does "shall not be infringed" mean?  Why are race relations as bad as they are?  where was president Obama on the night of the Benghazi attack?   Congress is the problem - America should come first before politics  Will you keep the preexisting condition mandate?  Why not require politicians to play by the same rules as ordinary Americans?  What is in your tax plan that would require top 0.1% to pay some minimum fed tax  What will you do stop Monsanto?   How will you get money out of politics?  What are the 3 biggest current issues and how would you address them?  Do you support an increase in nuclear power generation in this country?  What is your plan to reduce the growing wealth inequality in the US?    Would you support allowing ATF to computerize their gun-purchase/owner database?  How will you keep fossil fuels in the ground to mitigate climate change? 
How do you address the lack of trust between the electorate and elected leaders?  What will you do to repair the ill-conceived Affordable Care Act?  Other than for ego and personal ambition, why you?  Will you do anything to get rid of or lower the student debt?  Release the JFK Assassination files.  Should President Obama grant an unconditional pardon to presidential candidates?  Would you support prioritizing medical research over defense spending?  Should marriage equality be repealed? How would you promote your position?  Would you make Congress pay for health care especially after leaving office?  What prudent changes would you make to the SS and Medicare programs? And why?  Can you form a group to reduce Congressional extravagant spending?     When asked about improving race relations, why immediately discuss crime?  Would you support a program to give free ponies to all Americans? Why/why not?  This is one of the 2 countries without maternity leave paid. Will you change it?  Do you believe that we can defeat an ideology?  Can the issues at hand be discussed rather the character assassinations?  Alternative To TPP  Should there be federally mandated police training rather than state/community?   Where does our constitution stand in our nation today?  How is diversity a strength?   Why do you desire destabilization of Syria instead of helping Assad defeat ISIS?  Will you enforce the MHPAEA Bill passed in 2008 giving SUD parity for treatment   What do you plan to do about ICANN? Will you stop it, or support it?  It's about the candidates childhood.  what are your criteria for using US power to stop humanitarian crisis?  Why do politicians advocate on behalf of domestic terrorist groups like BLM?  What would you do to help small businesses thrive and grow, please be specific?  How would you correct obvious and massive voter fraud?  Same-Sex Marriage is now the  If you are elected as our next President, will you do everything you can to make  Would you consider fighting for a bill to allow the US to negotiate drug prices?  What will you do to address the high rates of violence against women?  What will you do to make sure legal immigrants are assimulating into our culture  Why wouldn't you support the proposed 28th Amendment ? 
Whyhasn't there been  discussion about reduction of manuf jobs due to technology  How do you think the problem of inadequate education in innercities can be   Please name the first 10 cities you will bomb as president  Was Abraham Lincoln justified in his suspension of habeas corpus in 1861?  Would you improve the US capacity for peacebuilding & mass violence prevention?  What advice would you give to a graduating class of high school seniors?  identifying reporting closing egregious double dipping tax breaks in FIRST TERM  How will you ensure international students get fair and easy job opportunities?  Would do fund affordable early education for everyone no matter the zip code?  Can you name 15 influential world leaders? Describe your relationships.  What personal qualities do YOU want to see in a presidential candidate?  What would you do to change DoD's policy on HIV+ personnel?  What do you plan to do to give students of color a safe and equitable education?  What is your view of the role government should play in citizen's lives?  If nationwide riots break out, what will you do to stop them?  What marginal levy past 6 year S.O.L  set for firms yet to pay corporation tax  When, if ever, is the use of force an acceptable option for the United States?  Do you support the Iran deal and how will you uphold it?   What's your biggest regret and why? How did you deal with it?  What would you do to eliminate the government from misusing tax payers money?  How will you prevent the unnecessary loss of 35k lives/year in car crashes?  Would you support efforts to help raise standards of living worldwide? How?  What role do you envision the media playing in your presidential administration?  What is the most important amendment in the Bill of Rights in your opinion?  Should health care for sex workers be considered a women's issue?  Does president have power to do this without congress?  What steps will you take to end illicit drug trade in the United States?  How do you plan to address the UN's saying Blk Americans deserve reparations?  You talk about corruption and money in politics, what are you gonna do about it?  What are your "broken places" how have you become stronger because of them?  What SPECIFICALLY will you do to help middle class American incomes improve?  How will you clean up Polluted Cities--including the one you now live in--NYC?  Fueled by the UN's announcement, what reparations will you give Black Americans?  Pres. Obama pledged ending child hunger by 2015. What's your pledge now?  Looking forward, name an issue you agree more with the other candidate's party.   Are there new plans or targets being made for the 5 territories of the U.S.?  How do we know that a candidate is not compromised by Russia?  Do you support spending $1 billion/year for planetary defense against asteroids?  Can you share an episode when you made a mistake & what you learned from it?  Do you support increasing non-military foreign aid to Africa/Asia/SA?  Will you visit a federal women's prison to bring attention to our needs and pain  What do you think of the 16th Amendment?  Would you fix our voter system?  What will you do to help young Americans who already have student loan debt?  How will your trade policy raise wages for workers in the US and worldwide?  What American writer, artist, musician, or work of art influenced you most?  What would you do to fix our broken legal system as pertaining to immigratigon?  How will the wage gap impact your college debt approach?   How will you as president ensure that the government stops wasting tax money?  How do you plan to work with Congress to pass your initiatives?  What are the virtues and evils of advanced western capitalism?   How should the U.S. protect and uplift marginalized people around the world?      If you could choose one phrase to summarize your values, what would it be?  Why did the US Bomb the Syrian army? And, if IT WAS A MISTAKE... why didn't the   Thoughts on Georgetown preferential admissions to descendants of slaves sold?  How will you work with congress to pass your agenda?  What is the next great American frontier?  Would you use a right to housing to prevent many mental, physical & social ills?  Are you prepared to say unequivocally that the election is not rigged?  How would you improve public access to info and government accountability?  How has your religious observation affected this campaign and your policies   How does our commitment to freedom comport with denying access to refugees?  Do you have a plan to quickly address the crisis in judicial appointments?  What obligations does every American owe to her country?  Whether Congress would pass it or not, is single payer healthcare a good idea?  How do you balance wanting to create more jobs with reducing government's size?  What are your spending priorities for international affairs?    How will you ensure steady and reliable funding for NIH funding?  How would you respond the next time a Russian plane buzzes an American plane?  How do you plan to streamline procurement?  What is your plan for working across the aisle to enact your campaign promises?  Should there be educational standards or core curricula in higher education?  As the president, how important is it to admit when you made a mistake?  Do you support victims of terror being able to sue other countries?  Under what circumstances would you have the USA go to war involving NATO allies?  How will you fund medical R&D without using high drug prices & monopolies?  Have you ever sought forgiveness, and if so, what for?  Why is it so important that a presidential candidate release their tax returns?  Won't bringing back manufacturing jobs NOT help workers if work is 90%automated?  What steps will you take to eradicate sexual harassment in your administration?  How will you protect American citizens and companies from cyber intrusions?  What would you like your presidential legacy to be?  Is there a difference between running a business and a country? If so, what.  What is the biggest misconception about yourself?  How will you expand pre-K education & improve working conditions for teachers?  Why is the Fed Income Tax still used as it is so inefficient and abusive?  Criminal Justice Reform what would you do to create equal protection?    Does the President have the authority to declare war?  Would you be willing to take a drug test automatically released to the public?  What does it mean to be an American?  What steps will you take to end illicit drug trade in the United States?  How would you reform the defense acquisitions process?  What will you do to decrease the suicide rate?  Explain how your administration would defend the 5 freedoms of the 1st Amendment  What steps will you take to end illicit drug trade in the United States?  What would you do to address families being separated by deportation?   What legislative changes will you make to deter unjustified shootings by police?  How do you plan to balance spending on entitlements with discretionary spending?  Should illegal and legal immigrants be treated the same by the federal gov't?  How would you implement the Paris Agreement on Climate Change?   How can we ensure free speech will be protected on all college campuses?  What do you think the average income is for the middle-class American family?  Would you support a constitutional amendment that guarantees a right to privacy?  As the President how will you eliminate the school to prison pipeline?   What will you do to stop Soviet-style Russian aggression and saber rattling?  How will you alter our policy toward Russia to increase US and global security?  How would you address substance use disorder?  How will you get Congress to pass all those critical bills?  What policy will you enact that will make a real impact on working women's lives  Step one: what is your plan to make government work how it is supposed to?  Do you think the two-party system is serving American democracy well?  In a nation as divided as America, should more issues be left to the states?  Do you support open access to taxpayer funded health & science research?  In this era of polarized politics, how do you propose navigating the divide?   How would you guarantee privacy from government snooping?  Will your DOJ challenge states that defy Roe, PP v Casey, or WWH v Texas?  How do you view challenges to job creation posed by trends in automation?  Do you support the UN panel's call for reparations for slavery by the US gov?  How will you help areas where coal and steel industries have dissolved?  How do you plan to work with individuals from both parties to find compromise?   If exploiting tax laws is "genius," why are welfare recipients "moochers?"  Do you support temporary removal of guns from people in a period of crisis?  Welfare reform was passed in 1996, has it worked and how would you change it?  Food insecurity disproportionately hurts women. How will you address SNAP cuts?  How will you include trails, greenways & bike paths in your transportation plan?  How would you compare and contrast your charitable Foundations?  How will you ensure the safety of the food supply?  Do we need to change how we rely on foreign militaries to help keep the US safe?  Why should America bring or not bring new immigrants into the U.S. each year?  Do you support giving every American access to their vote?  How does your health care platform plan to address costly chronic disease?  What would you do to limit prosecutions of children in the adult justice system?  Do you have the courage to name 2 specific positives your opponent would bring?  How will you prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon after the next decade?  Do you support the Supreme Court ruling that allows same-sex marriage?  Do You Support Statehood for the District of Columbia?  Should public officials who break the law and lie about it be arrested?  How will you reduce violent conflict and end today's many wars?   Which one of you will clean out former Monsanto henchmen from the FDA  How will you ensure all Americans have access to safe, clean drinking water?  Should we regulate marijuana like alcohol? If not, why treat it differently?  What policies would you put in place to make sure food prices do not rise?  We can end AIDS by 2030 with $7 B/Yr more. How would you address this?    Tech saves lives & money. How do you intend to foster innovation in government?   What would you do to increase the supply of affordable housing in the U.S.?  What will you do to support more affordable housing for all Americans?  Why is the Trilateral Commission allowed to have power in our sovereign nation?  Puerto Rico is in a deep economic crisis. What can you do as President to help?   How would you address the shortage of maternity care providers in the U.S.?  How would advance US leadership in the implementation of the Paris Agreement?  Do you believe in keeping our air, water and wilderness clean and unpolluted?  What will you do to end hunger and poverty in the U.S. and worldwide?  Can you name any specific people you would hope to have serve in your cabinet?  How will you expand access to high-quality, affordable child care for families?  What direct anti-poverty efforts would you expand and/or implement?  How will you build a bipartisan consensus in Congress to pass legislation?  What is your plan for expanding national service in the 21st century?  What will you be doing to ensure equal work for equal pay for women?  How would you address the opioid epidemic?  Will you ensure religion isnt used as an excuse to discriminate & harm others?  Do you support bipartisan legislation to fully restore the Voting Rights Act?  Will you commit to keeping guns out of the hands of domestic abusers?  As president, What are the steps you will take to address climate change? 
Funding for more police officers and better training. Will you help.   What is your plan to create jobs and stimulate the economy'?   How do you support global trade and how would it help the American People?  How will you defeat ISIS and protect the USA from terrorism?  Are spouses responsible for each others shenanigans?  Has either of you ever been on a board with a Terrorist?  How will you end police brutality?  What us an example of your experience in curing wasteful government projects .  In a crisis situation what role does narrative play in your decision making?  Couldn't we buy some land as an ivestment , for the refuges let them rebuilt it   Specifically,what impact ,if any, does your economic plan have on the deficit?  Where is the US , HAITI , and Sierrans off shore dying, how would you change thi  What specific plans do you have to bring/create jobs during your presidency  Should Vets benefits be determined by the assignments given them while in milita  As a US taxpayer, is it right to deny equality based on religion.  How do you convince voters that you're not a bad person?  In your economic plan , what are the most important jobs to bring back to US?  Who would you nominate to replace Scalia and why?  Who would you nominate to replace Scalia and what qualities specifically would y  Do you make decisions based more on moral  or practical principles?  How do you plan on rebuilding foreign diplomatic relations after this election?  Justify increase # of refugees & Cost 5yrs Medical/Food/Welfare for refugees   How your tax plan will help Americans?  What will you do to support the peace process in Colombia?  What makes your opponent unqualified to be president?  How will you secure the solvency of Social Security?   Why did it matter to you where Barack Obama was born?  How will you adjust education in states that are below average?  What are you going to do to raise interest rate on savings?  Why is it illegal for physicians to prescribe Nutrition to treat cancer?   If a white person identify themselves as black, can affirmative action be used?  Should government policy and action be evaluated on its intent or results?  How can you defend deregulation when it mostly benefits Big Polluters?  Will you continue NHAS with this policy?  Do you believe in open borders?  How would you address China's growing military power?  Now that we have your public position, what's your private position?  Would you consider raising tariff's on imported goods to bring jobs back?  How are paying off campaign donors who gave thru your foundation.  What's message to CHILDREN when POLITICIANS say 1 thing DONORS & another VOTERS?  What do you think are the light and dark sides of this country?  How are you going to prevent the use of executive orders to circumvent Congress   How would you make elections more accessible to Independent voters?  How can jobs be created in the US without damaging our Global relationships?  Citizens United v Labor Unions  Both candidates sinned. God forgives when asked. Shouldn't we & talk issues only  How would you handle the current state of government agencies becoming political  would u stop allowing law markers from receiving money and gifts from lobbyists?  If you were Impeached would you seek to return by other means?  Would you subsidize U.S. companies to bring rare earths to market in the US?  Will you donate salary to a USA manufacturing job creating budget line item?  How will you repair the damage to the USA caused by idivision the past 8 years ?  Small healthcare practices are hurting; how will you help them succeed?  Would you implement self-protection courses into schools?  If your own children had been in Benghazi, would your reactions have been?  Why is Russia interfering with America Elections?  What do you see as wrong with Obamacare and how would you fix it?  How will you balance the Budget and pay down our National Debt?  How will you help heal the division in this country if elected?  Should Cigarettes be illegal?  How will you increase affordable access to mental health services?  Can government provide exemptions to religiously motivated law? Ex. abortion law  Why wouldn't big companies let people go you you raise there taxes?  How about free mandatory pre-kindergarten starting at 1 instead of free college?  What amendments to the U.S. constitution would you favor and why  How are paying off campaign donors who gave thru your foundation.  How can I trust someone with different public/private positions?  Would you consider bring the draft back?  "FDR called the Presidency above all a place of moral leadership. Without mentio  Both candidates  have the ability to create jobs, what's the plan to retain jobs  Illegal immigration has dropped since 2007. What policy would you change/adopt?  Would you consider dropping party titles and use The American Party  Can you hurt those who provide jobs without hurting those who need jobs?  What is your stance on the Jones Act?   How will you stop the slaughter in Syria?  Would you hire someone who had mishandled sensitive or classified information?  Is a 5% voting requirement for 3rd party candidates a fairer system for debate?  How will you address government subsidies to established companies?  Are deception, infidelity & derogatory comments about women acceptable today?  Do you support removing teachers from the list of overtime-exempt professions?  What will the future generation think about you looking back at this election?  Will you refuse to celebrate Thanksgiving Day?  Area 51 and classified docs  Should the electoral college revert to it's original form  If you don't support PRO-CHOICE? Do you support  welfare for these children?    Are the political parties tearing the nation apart? Should they go away?   Would you support or oppose an Article Five Convention of the states and why  What would have to happen for you to take nuclear action?   Explain how Obama Care has benefited the American people & middle class?   Where are you going to find the funds to pay for military interventions abroad?   What makes you a trustworthy candidate?  What would you do to support the transgender community?  How will you work internationally to ensure that refugees have a place of refuge  Would the American people be concerned with any past or current business relatio  As president would you sacrifice your life before sacrificing any of our liberty  When you signed SF-312 did you know what you were signing?  How are you going to prevent government misuse of power and selling of  Do you support following the fourteenth amendment in its entirety?  Now that Europe is under siege by immigrants, isn't it wise to keep them out  Do you agree that our nation was founded on the basis of Christian beliefs?  Are the political parties tearing the nation apart? Should they go away?   Why should voters trust you?  What is a "good" President's job in your view?    Why is FDA not in step with Europe in approving or banning drugs?  What is your economic philosophy and single most national economic priority.  What is  the price of a sandwich loaf of bread, or a quart of milk?  Why is the neoliberalism of the past 50 years correct for the present?  Would you eliminate the Federal Reserve?  you all talk about the middle class but no one talks about the lower class    What will you do to halt the rising morality rate among middle aged men  What will you do about China's skewed currency conversion to the dollar?  Do you plan to expand or retain the present space program?  In the last four or five years, did you pay federal taxes?  What is your credit score/rating?  What's more important? Upholding the will of the people or doing the right thing  If elected would you as president support late term abortions?   Should people who are granted immunity be required to respond in hearings?  Should candidates be disqualified for destroying government assigned devices?  To Secretary Clinton and Mr. Trump; if you are elected as president...   How can the campaigns move past personal attacks and address the real issues?  How do you feel about giving more local control to school boards?   Is the DHS really working or necessary since it didn't work in preventing Pulse   How can you gain the trust of the American people?  Do you support the Overtime changes that were supposed to be in effect Dec 1  Are you going to employ the miliatry in more worldwide conflict or pull back?  How would improve Americas train system?  What would be your number one priority if elected president?  what would you do if the Cuban goverment persist in violating human rights?  Is your answers today considered a public or private opinion?  Give an example of a time in American history when America was at its greatest.  Unlikeable candidates  How much did you pay in taxes last year? Did you pay tax to foreign governments?  why is abortion not considered murder?  Should Sharia law be able to be practiced in our country?  Would you support Federalized Medical Marijuana?  Specifically define "entitlements" in reference to the federal budget deficit   Will you stop Birthright Citizenship?  What will you do to combat institutional racism?  What specifically will your plan do for me and those like me to get ahead?  What role will your spouses or children play in your administration?  Why should anyone still believe in the two party system?   Some countries wages are under $100 a month.  How would we keep decent wages?  What, if anything, should candidates be required to disclose to the public?  What do you believe will be the impact of mass immigration on American workers?  When will you stop cutting services, and start organising them to be the best?  Who would u want making the decision on  call from one of our embassy's 4 help !  Since neither one of you needs the money,can you tell us the reason your running  How will you reduce the stress for children during testing season?  What is your stance on polygamy/multiple spouses being legally allowed to marry  Should all citizens be held accountable to the social contract of America ?   If we appeal Right to Work legislation would we create higher paying jobs?    What is your position on aid for Colombia's peace process?  What advice would you give to a Republican struggling with this year'schoices?  How will you improve cooperation between Democratic and Republican lawmakers?  what percent is FAIR for the IRS to take from the Rich for their SHARE of taxes?  When have you felt most proud to be an American?  How will you balance the budget and eliminate the national debt?  How will you support small business owners?  How will you work to support voters' participation in state/local government?  What are your detailed policies to help curb racism and misogyny in our country?  How will you ensure that Criminals are prosecuted for violating existing gun  Define the upper and lower limits of annual income that defines the middle class  Will you Supreme Court nominees preserve and expand Equal Protection for all?  Who receives more priority/support from our current government?  How will you put the long term unemployed back to work?  How would you handle the following situation regarding one of your appointments.  How will you prevent hacking?  How do you plan to create more jobs?  How will you address the blatant media bias and so called "coverage" to citizens  Do people benefit from more federal government control and presidential power?  what is your position on the political situation happening in Venezuela?   2.7 Trillion borrowed,will you replace it and put back in original fund?  Can you tell me what any 3 articles of the US Constitution say?  What are some environmental regs for which benefits outweigh costs & vice versa?  What is the capital of Canada?  What can government learn from business and vice versa?  What qualities and experience are important in a president?  Should Americans view security or liberty as more valuable?  How Sincere Are You On The Issues?  Pick one topic and provide specifics to the American People on how you'll solve  How do you determine what needs regulating? Are people incapable of doing right?  Do you believe Presidential candidates should be held to higher standards?  What current US international alliances are you going to honor?  Which foreign leaders, present or past, do you admire and why?  How should you be held accountable if you drop campaign promises post-election?  How are you going to eradicate the RAMPANT corruption in government?  Name an issue you won't support during the campaign, but will support in office.  What are you going to do to reduce taxes on businesses, small & large?  What is your view on healthcare?  How will you fix the communities that were effected by Hurricane Matthew?  Do you accept personal responsibility for everything you've done in your life?  How will the candidates work on insuring financial aid for college students   Would  you use military force to stop NKorea  from developing MIssiles to hit US  Do you consider Cuban Government as a DICTATORSHIP REGIMEN affecting Americans?   How would you address the addiction disease stigma in this country and fund it?  The United States openly supports, funds, and arms ISIS and its counterparts  How will you resolve a gridlocked Congress and get Americans working together?   How will the tainted and corrupt media be handled?  Are the votes already rigged?  Do you believe that for-profit prisons are good for our country?   What is your stance on the human rights abuses by South Korea's President Park?  This is the hottest year ever; what are you going to do about global warming?  How would you go about enforcing the gun laws to prevent illegal possession.  Please tell us why we should support you in reference to "Open Borders"?  What's your stance on poverty both  in the U.S. and in the Western Hemisphere?   Do you believe that it is imperative that we be involved in Free Trade?  Will you bring back a national mandatory draft?  where specifically are tax cuts you propose coming from and how will they funded  What is your plan to reduce the size of government to help the growing debt?  How will you end pollution that creates higher health costs, lost productivity?  What is your position on high stakes testing in public schools?  What is your stand on H1-B Visa workers replacing white collar Americans.  What should the role of the federal government be in local policing?  What will you do, as President, to make sure that no laws are   How do you plan to create jobs here ?  How will you ensure accountability of charter schools?  Please name a member of the opposing party you particularly respect and why.  Are you prepared to end the war on drugs?  Should past behavior, public and private matter for eligibility for president?    How much should a factory worker earn who doesnt have new technology skills?  Since over 80% of Americans want transparent "food" labeling, what is your plan?  How will having a sexual predator in the White House benefit women.  What do you say to voters that believe you are both ill fit to be President?   What is your plan to revitalize American K-12 Education?  Health insurance companies have record profits as patients continue suffering.  Is there anything you as a candidate wouldn't do for money or corporate advance?  Why have we seen a double standard of penalty after lying to congress?  Should our 6000 military troops be in Iraq without a Status of Force Agreement?  If elected, what policies would you implement to protect classified information?  How will you ratify the 14th Amendment to stop "anchor babies"  would you commit to close tax loopholes from which you personally benefit?  Do you support reinstating our  Gen. and Admirals who were wrongfully fired .     Should the Senate vote up or down on the nomination of Judge Merrick Garland?  What will you do to make this country more democratic and egalitarian?  How would you work to bring this nation together to solve our common problems?  Would you support shortening our national  election time frame?  Where does the Bible come in to play under your presidency?  What is the ideal population number for the United States?  How should the government address early education?  Would you support a ban or tracking on the purchase of large lots of ammunition  Specifically what do U like so much abt an income tax that keeps U from FAIRtax   What would you think about pardoning Seal Six Founder Richard Marcinko?   Why isn't a law to punish ignorant parents that get innocent animal killed   What is your specific strategy to defeat ISIS & prevent home grown terrorism?     Supreme Court  How can you claim to be a children's advocate & laugh about defending a rapist?  Would you be willing to pardon Cliven Bundy and his sons?  What are the first three things youre going to do to raise Americas confidence  Name specific programs to improve student's performance?  At what point does a person making a lot of $ considered 2 B paying their shar  What scares you most about becoming president?  What would you do to put the environment ahead of corporate profits?   Name three changes you hoped for from President Obama that didn't happen.  sanctuary Cities   What would you do about police murdering unarmed citizens  Would you support a federal law allowing non violent felons the right to vote?  What support will you provide to limit each bill from Congress to one subject  How will you protect parental rights?  What lesson did you take away from the Great Recession and the years since then?  When do you think it is right to lie to the American people, like after Benghazi  What are your plans to help the Military Veterans past present and future.   Would you support a national voter identification law? Why or why not?   What are you  Do you oppose bans on porn of fictional characters deemed under 18 ("Lolicon")?  Both candidates have attacked video games in the past. Have your views changed?  The threat of climate change  What is the role of government in society?  Provide specific examples.  What is America to you?  Do you feel current trucking regulations / fines are excessive Costing us more?  Why haven't we put on our oxygen mask first before helping others?  Will you engage with the international community and ratify major treaties?  Accomplishments  In what ways would you appeal to millenials to vote in the election for you?  How can you regain the value of a Bachelor's degree to help jobless graduate?  What is you position on the War on Drugs? Better treatment research.  How do we improve the economic conditions of those hurt by this global market?  Do you plan on cutting military spending?  what do you say to voters that believe the election process is corrupt ?  How is it fair to allow illegal immigrants to stay in the US ?  Are you willing to take a lie detector test to qualify for TS SCI clearances?  How do you intend to fix the broken tax code that you used not to pay taxes?  Should Penalties be enforced for any GOV politician who breaks federal law?  How does increasing the number of refugees benefit our national security?  What is your plan to improve access to prompt, quality care for our veterans?  How will you stop dual Citizens of Israel from being allowed in any USA office?  Why can't you fire anyone at the VA?  What is your plan to ensure America is digitally secure in this new digital age?  What  will you do to combat racism in the U.S?  How will you ensure enough quality American trained physicians in the future?  With the amount teachers put in, should we expect a higher pay raise for them?  What is your plan to combat international terrorism, including ISIS  Other than Vladimir Putin, name six other world leaders?  Why do you want to become President?  If we are NOT attacked, Why is the military and war needed to protect Americans?  Tourist Visa for parents of legal imigrants.  Do you support increasing the minimum wage ? If so by how much and how will you   What percentage of donation you have received from others than your super PAC?   What steps will you take to protect Americans from drug resistant viruses?  Do you support an opt-out option for Social Security?  Why do you both continue to support the unconstitutional War on Drugs  Do you believe that moral character is an important factor for a candidate?  How would you hold big corporations and banks accountable?  How would you help to end Pollitical Correctness censorship in our schools?  What will you do to bring the country together after the election?  Social Security is due to run dry in 2035. What will you do to make it solvent?  Do you support the "Convention of the States" (Article V) to limit federal govt?  How will you work to end the under reported epidemic that is Human Trafficking?  Will you use human pheromones to control ISIS and help returning veterans?  What is your stance on the H.R.4900 bill?  How is a constitutional amendment ratified or repealed?  should orange people have the right to vote?  What will your admin do to address the blatant SEC bias in college football?  Are you going to continue to allow federal funds usage in stem cell research?  What is opinion about the bill allowing families to sue foreign countries?  What is your stance on Martial Law & preventing it from taking over our nation?  Do think having troops in the middle east in the National Defense of America?   Do you support the "internet sales tax"  Why are you so concerned about the illegals in the US?  Would you raise taxes and vote for a balanced budget bill  What about your character can we tell our children is an admirable trait?  Has Bin Laden won?  What would you do to promote world peace?  This question is longer than 80 measly characters...  should we arm and provide troops to fight further invasion of the Ukraine.  What are the first three things youre going to do to raise Americas confidence  What would you do to expand LGBT rights?  Would you ask for NATO assistance to support US troops and missions abroad?  do you feel LGBT citizens are lesser and it should be legal to discriminate?  What is your plan to end the war on terror?   How will you return moral authority to foreign relations after the past decade?  Would you open the files related to the Unexplained Aerial Phenomena ?   I personally believe part of the problems with our society is connected to  What are people for?  Would you have signed or vetoed the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act?  Do you support the establishment of a presidential youth council?  Do you think that IVF process should be covered by health insurance?   When does a human life begin?  Should we change the name of the Defense Department back to the War Department?  How would you keep the previously uninsurable insured.   do you have a plan to fight opiate death rates wiping out an entire generation ?  Would you support shortening our national  election time frame?  How have you helped others, where you personally had nothing to benefit from?  When can we end aid to apartheid Israel or are we their indentured servants?  Will Millions of African Americans & legal Latino lose jobs to 11M new citizens?  Will you support legislation for Universal Government Service for all at age 18?  Do you support growing the size of the federal government?  Do you support reducing the size, scope, and power of the federal government?  Who is your favorite foreign leader and why?  Please name the leader of Great Britain and Turkey  Would you hire someone at an exec level that has never worked in the industry?  Are either of you wearing clothing that was made in America?   Do you support schools choice?   Everything up until now is so serious. Will you declassify ufo/alien records?  How will you ensure that Social Security payments will again rise with COLA?   How do your family leave policies reflect your values?  How will you deal with the epidemic of shootings throughout country?  I'm 31 & pay $500/mo MedInsur, $500/mo StudentLoans, plus Meds, Dentist, Dr appt  Plan to protect us from pedophiles and rapists?   If you are elected President, how do you envision your relations with Congress?  Do you favor the wet foot/ dry foot immigration policy for Cubans?  Would amendments proposed to sell public lands benefit foreign investors.  Would you say the US is the greatest country in the world, if not, what is??:  Name three things that you've done to help Americans 55 years and older.  How can we improve mentoring for school age kids?  Do you support Tort reform to go along with whatever replaces Obamacare?  Ethics,  Values, Morals  How would men and woman in the military describe you?  Who pays cost of campaign travel & speeches including airplane for candidates  If the Second Amendment is subject to "reasonable restrictions" is the 13th?  How much US debt is owned by China? and How would you deal with that?  What is your overarching purpose for seeking the highest office?  Would you consider a Federal Law for stiffer laws to protect the elderly?   Purchasing oil from other countries?  We are all concerned with the violence in our community.  The past few Presidential regimes have failed to defeat terrorism.   Do you agree on the override of the Saudi Arabia lawsuit bill vetoed by Obama?  Will you re-investigate the collapse of the 3 World Trade Center buildings?  How is it legally possible to force US companies to return to the US?  For what years have you or your entities paid no taxes?  Please explain the 13th Amendment.  Climate Refugees  Is it better for a candidate that says the right things OR does the right things  Purchasing overseas oil?  Family Caregivers for kids of addicts need rights. What will you do in office?  What can be done to stop the violation of the first amendment rights of Christia  would you support mandatory requirement that candidates must release tax returns  Explain how why only allowing two parties to debate benefits the voters.  How will you address automation and it's effect on available jobs?  What will you do for those of us living in natural disaster prone areas?  How would you find ways to help businesses develop new transportation fuel  How quickly can your plan to create new jobs be implemented - months? One year?  What are your thoughts on climate change? What will you do as president to help?  What you you say to someone standing or burning OUR American flag in America?  Di you think values and morals are on the decline ? Why? What can be done ?  Where would the average clearance holder go if they violated their NDA?  Why do I have to hear the option to speak Spanish when I call a U.S. business?  Do you have documentation that your test results are true?  please recite the pledge of allegiance and explain what it means to you.  How would your administration approach the Brexit crisis?  Why did the founders enumerate the powers of government?  How can we make schools safer?  Does matter if we call Terrorists Islamic Terrorists, why, and why not?    Would  you reinstate the draft in order to defeat Isis?  If Russia attacked a NATO country, as president would you defend that country?  What can be done to raise academic success in our public schools?   Do you consider the BLM as a terrorist organization.  Why did you laugh when someone removed under God from the pledge of allegiance  What would you do to get the government back to the people?  How would U Restore money that was taken  from  Social Security pay it back Gov'  Reagan had the tax rate at 50%, before that higher. Now its 39%. Whats better?  Will America ever have peace and not invade or bomb other countries?  As a potential CINC, do you consider soldier's lives "expendable"?  Which part of the nuclear triad is most important as a deterrent?  Will you lower tax rates for the middle class?  How would you eliminate the existence of lobbyist and unfair power?  Would you commit to balanced budget before the next election?  Explain your interpretation of the First Amendment?    Do you plan to increase or decrease the size and cost of the federal government?  If you lose, will you accept it & concede? If no, does that make u a sore loser?  What type of Supreme Court makeup would you want for the next 30 years?  What 3 principles do you do use to make a decision when facing a  dilemma?  Should the government be required to use Open Source Software when possible?  would you support a state constitutional convention?  Would you appoint a sexual predator or sex addict over U.S. economic policy?  What would you do to heal the racial divide in the U.S.?  How will you insure against conflicts of interest if elected  Tax reform and making the tax code fair for everyone is an important concern for  Are you a good role model for children? Please explain  What role, if any, should the US play in Syria?  How are you going to help single tax payers.   Statistics prove, on average, Democrats are better for the economy. Explain this  Buying oil from overseas?  Should military service guarantee citizenship?  Do you condone legal plunder?  How will rampant government corruption be dealt with?  What do you think of Canada Child Tax?  Would you consider it here in the USA?  Would you support resuming the Space Shuttle Program?  How will you ease growing tensions between the USA and Russia?  What would you do to purge the internet of ISIS, Porn Sites, Pedophiles etc.?  In what instances would you support the death penalty at the federal level?  What are your  qualifications to be Commander-In-Chief and be specific?  Equal rights reserved for women but not equal pay? What are your plans .  Elaborate on some aspects of your character you would hope to amend.  How would you bring back steel and concrete manufacturing jobs in the US?  Do law abiding citizens have a constitutional right to own and carry firearms?  Will U oppose New World Order/U.S. giving UN rights to use force v. U.S. people?  Do you support the idea of appointing Barack Obama to the US Supreme Court?  What will you do to address the unrepresentative nature of the Federal Gov't?  Will you Get U.S. out of the United Nations?  Do you feel the govt is to blame for price increases in drugs such as epipens?  Please answer questions from the US 8th grade Constitution test   Are you raising or lowering taxes to all Americans? Explain? Benefits?  Where is Gary Johnson?  Who are 4 historically-significant American women who have inspired you and why  What is your plan to help small business development?  Will you support "instant runoff" elections, to help third party choices?  How would the US react if Russia placed missiles and troops on our border?  How do you stop corruption which is rampant in all 3 branches of Gov't?  Name 3 goals that if not kept in 1st term would disqualify you for reelection  Do you believe that there is a point at which refugees become economic migrants?  what would happen if you tax the rich more and they decide to leave the country  The Candidate of a Party is Liable for any Fraud committed... Agree or Disagree?  what is your opinion on the UN declaring the country give reparations to blacks.  What's the biggest lie you've ever told? Do you regret telling it?  What do you think is the greatest threat to freedom in America?    The American people are over taxed and taxed unfairly in this country   Prosecution for war crimes?  As president, would you sign legislation to raise the debt ceiling?  Would you e  How do you plan plan on paying for your plans  Our National Debt is about $20 Trillion, how can we stop and pay back?  How do you plan to address tentions between the african-american and police?      What's the right relationship for church and state?  What plans do you have to address the financial crisis in Puerto Rico?  Would you use import tariffs to balance overseas manufacturing and labor costs ?  Will you enact Constitutional legitimacy as President?  How will you protect our sovereignty on a national/state level from Regionalism?  How are you going to tax my investments?  How would you handle the unrest between police and the black communities?  Define "Cyber security" & from whom you see the greatest threat?  Should anyone who desires to immigrate here be allowed to stay?   Ejection of known terrorist's ENTIRE family from the USA, naturalized or not?  What is the number one reason why I should vote for you?  What will you do to assist older workers (over age 50) in obtaining employment ?  Would you support a full audit of the Fort Knox gold holdings ?  What would you do, specifically, to ensure affordable healthcare to all?  Do you support taking away the Church of Scientology's tax exempt status?  As part of your job application, will you to take drug test today?   Would you create a free health care system that could also allow good insurance?  when are you going to stop supporting racism in the U S  Are you willing to take a lie detector test to prove your presidential honesty?  As part of your job application, will you have a mental evaluation?   Will you legalize the import of medicines into the US from Canada or Europe?  What will raising the age for SS retirement to 70 be good for all Americans?  But for matters of national security, would your office be fully transparent?  Do you support the removal of the existing border wall between the US and Mexico  How will you encourage your grandchildren to live a prejudice free life?   Will you continue the current policy of accommodation at any cost with Iran?  How would you eliminate the strain corporate welfare puts on the tax payers ?  what specifically will you do to stop the police vs. Minority deaths?  You both have vast wealth. 1%'ers are EVIL. Explain why YOU are NOT the problem?  Can a single-payer healthcare system be fair for all?  Has there ever been a country that has taxed itself back into prosperity?    enriching yourself   Do you support the wealthy paying their fair share in taxes   What is the appropriate presidential role in supporting families?  How will you preserve and expand Social Security and Medicare  if the ACA is repealed what will happen to my health insurance?   Considering the stringent requirements for a Top Secret clearance, do you think   What do you believe the role and responsibility of government is?   How will you help protect women from physical and verbal abuse?  Will you grant more maternity AND paternity leave for military members?  If you cannot tell the truth now during the election, how can we trust you later  What makes Saudi Arabia a good country to do business with?  Would you go towards free college education?  Why do you think its okay to abort babies just because they have Down Syndrome?  Would you abolish the IRS?  Do you support a robust space program  What is the roll of government?  Is it patriotic to move your money our your business out of the US?   If Russia were to use tactical nuclear weapons against NATO, what would you do?  How are you going to change ACA to fix it as it collapses?   What are you going to do about those who have been left behind in this economy?  What can you if Obama declares martial law postponing or canceling the election?  What criteria will you use when selecting cabinet members and appointees?  A UN study concludes the US should pay reparations to African Americans..agree?  Are your pantsuits made of teflon and did you have an ethical bypass at birth?  If your plans for job and economic growth fail, how will you respond?  What will you do to protect the few remaining  Mustangs and Burros in the wild??  What will you do in regards to criminal justice reform.  Would you support decriminalization of all drugs?  What will you do to open the debates to viable 3rd party candidates  What is race, why arent we all americans, how will you change this.  Beside family run foundations what community service have you done?  Jobs? What are your plans for creating jobs??   Why are politicians willing to spend millions to win a job paying $400,000 ?  Why do you want to be president?   What are you going to do to get money out of politics and end 'Citizens United?   Immigration   How do you plan to bring high paying jobs to younger americans?    18 U.S.C. 793 (f)  what do you see as a president's legitimate role in the economy?  What is your plan for helping the American families devastated by outsourcing?  What are the countries that border Israel?  Why is there a government mandated minimum wage?  Do you support an entrance exam for politicians  What would you do about having an F.B.I. director that is clearly corrupted?   Encourage congress to finally pass concealed carry reciprocity legislation  Are you a Sustainability Activist in your personal and public life?  Should a psychological evaluation be required of Presidential candidates?  Why are criminals with multiple arrests, continually released from jail?  How can we afford to support and provide billions of dollars to other countries   What is your take on Citizens United?  How do you plan to address gun control?  Do you support the removal of the internet from American control.  Campaign money?  Why or why not would you support keeping refugees in their native country?  Do you believe in nationalism or globalism.  How will you render the US safe from nukes controlled by irrational nations?  What specific issues are you hoping your Supreme Court nominees will hear?  What would you do to reduce mass shootings and gun violence?  How does support for law and order effect our illegal immigration issues ?  US Military budget is largest by far. Why not take 10% to use here at home?  How to protect rights of American's born before 1965 immigration rules change.  How will you be able to get rid of our debt and help the economy?  Would you close loopholes that let companies pay no taxes for decades  How do you plan to pay for the expense of 3,000,000 new middle eastern refugees?  What would you do if Iran or North Korea Launches a nuclear weapon.   How would you restore pride and patriotism in America?  Have you asked a person with a disability to work for you?  We need a Population Policy for America.  What will you do about the Controlled Substances Act?  Separation of Church and State   What initiatives will your administration present to support small business.  Please explain 3 provisions of the Iran Nuclear deal you support/dislike  Why did you compare the majority of Americans who are pro-life to terrorists?  Why does it appear the media is assisting one candidate over the other?  Abortion is a personal matter. Will it keep it that way?  what's your opinion on the UN taking over the internet.  What will you do to fix the problem of the inequality of the justice system  If a US embassy is attacked would you deploy the military to secure it?  Do you support having smaller families to combat climate change?   Will you be reinstating American History in schools with Pledge of Alligence.  How can you ensure our veterans will receive the income and praise they deserve?  Are states allowed to pass laws that contradict federal laws?   What would you do to remedy the suicide epidemic amongst veterans?  Please explain your views on the connected issues of abortion and healthcare.  Should dishonesty and hyperbole be legally forbidden from the election process?   What would you do to stem the costs of educating & maintaining illegal aliens  How will you position the federal government to be more constitutional?  Would you support the Fair Tax?  Why are we moving forward with another bad trade deal with ISDS?   Can you explain the role of NATO  How many immigrants is too much?  Should the government be the leader in investing in space exploration?  Why should we trust you?  Why do Illegal Invaders say; "I should not be considered for deportation?  explain in DETAIL how your going to get the economy and jobs back in the USA?  What's your plan to deal with our National Debt and unfunded mandates?.    What budget expenses will you cut to balance the budget and by how much?  How will you counter the Russian/Iran/Syrian alliance?  When did it become legal to place classified info on a unsecure system?  How will you improve, if at all, the American education system?  How will you work to improve the environment and reverse the harm we've caused?  What is your plan for improving infrastructure and how would you pay for it?  How do you plan to turn our nation's culture from negative to positive?  What do you feel is the key root cause of terrorism against the US ?  What will you do to shrink the federal government and protect state sovereignty?  Why should anyone believe anything you have to say?  How do you personally interpret the second amendment?  Did neutralizing the Glass-Steagall act in 1999 contribute to the 2008 crash?     Should any person, government or civilian be held to the same criminal standards  What is your stance on a woman's right to choose?  Should we call American Right Wing Extremeists Radical Christian Terrorists.  How would you address  technological threats to our national security?  Do you support the PATRIOT Act?  Do you think the world is more or less safe and unstable today?  What will you do to change systemic rape culture in America?  What will you do to limit CEO salaries for publicly traded companies?  Will you change the method used to increase cost of living  to SS.  I am 56 years old. How secure will Social Security be for me?  Do you support giving Israel billions in US taxpayer money?  Are you willing to make a pledge that you will place American interests first?  What gives a politician the right to determine if there is income inequality?  Why are you best suited to empathize with and help the people you serve?  The Syrian refugee crisis is the worse humanitarian crisis since the holcaust  Do you support  bill to designate Muslim Brotherhood as terrorist organization?  Do you support a fair debate process in the next election, to allow other voices  Will you support stricter gun laws to address the gun violence epidemic in our c  NRA "donated" millions to congress to get what they want. Will you stop them?  Retirement Plans have always included Social Security to help live a good life.  What is your plan regarding the inheritance tax?  What are you planning to do about a fair tax system that is fair for all America  What is your opinion on government corruption? Are you willing to stop it?  How are you going to implement green initiatives and do you support that?   Can you tell me the price of a gallon of milk right now?  How will you increase the level of education for American children?    Civil Rights and discrimination on the basis of religion.  How can you ensure civil liberties to those who have been abused by the law?  What is the appropriate balance between safety and freedom.    Why do candidates feel it necessary to sling disparaging remarks at each other  Who will step up and enforce 25 years imprisonment for child molesters.   How do you determine where to enact Stop and Frisk, and who to target?  How will your foreign policy impact the role of the U.S. in the Americas?  Will you limit your bodyguards to arms US citizens may own?  What right gives the government authority to force employers to pay a min wage?  How are you going to save American jobs from the illegals   What are your thoughts on veganism?  How will your administration aid adaptation to changing environmental conditions  what do you plan to do about the immigration in our country   Would you support the sale of health insurance across state lines?  What are top 2 threats to national security and what would be your policies   Do you believe people should be able to carry concealed and assault weapons?  What is your stance on for-profit, private prisons?   Do you plan to fix our infrastructure to compete with other developed nations?  Are some laws immoral?  Prohibition has not worked; do you support regulated adult use of marijuana?  Do you believe that men and women should be treated equally in our society?  Should we make it mandatory for presidential and vice presidential   The VA is still behind in many cases of appeals & healthcare.Will You fix this?  How will you handle the increasing privatization of space exploration?  Why are third party candidates banned from debates?  Do you support a Balanced Budget amendment?  Why do you think Christians should be forced to change their views on abortion?  wILL YOU HELP US STOP PETROLEUM COMPANIES   What is your stance on Roe vs Wade?   What will you do to reign in income inequality & poverty in America?  Do you believe that roughly 25% of the American people are "deplorable"?  Will you make sure the 2 trillion dollars stolen by the GOP from Social Security  Why should America trust either of you to keep us from going to war again?  What are 3 recent victories you've won for working-class families?  How does either candidate feel about the illegal immigration situation.  Would you force a budget that helps bring down the national debt?  Why should atheist, agnostic, and non-religious voters support either of you?  What will your administration do to promote humane farm animal practices   Why should illegal immigrants already in the county be favored those waiting?  Do you have any recommendations towards ensuring vote count integrity.  Do you agree that Black Lives Matter is a hate group?  I'm a veteran living off a disability pension of $1072 a month.  Can you explain why politicians and congress make 6 figure salaries + benefits?  Why admit immigrants when rents are high and incomes are barely growing?  How will you reduce gun violence while still protecting the 2nd amendment?  Would you consent to an independent medical examination; results being public?  What is the proper role of government in a free society?  Why when anyone who comes here and breaks the law illegally allowed to stay..?  As President, will you decriminalize drugs on the Federal level?   What went wrong in Benghazi and what should've been done to prevent the massacre  What will you do to prevent our companies from leaving our country.   Do you believe that a balanced budget amendment should be passed?  Do you agree that it should be illegal for congress to steal from  Social Secur  Will you support moving SSA funds from General Revenues to its own Lock Box  Among OECD nations, USA has the most gun violence. Why not do what the rest do?  Can you name a response to terrorism that does not involve violence?  What will you do in regards to the American farmer?  Do you support homeschooling as a choice of education?  Do you support gay marriage?  Will you pardon Leonard Peltier, an American Indian jailed for 40 years?  Will you commit to repaying and restoring SS/Medicare viability for all ?   Can you describe the specific provisions of TPP you don't like.  Will you submit legislation to limit credit card  interest rates?  What will you do to deal with climate change against big companies?  Specifically, define the Second Amendment. What EXACTLY does it mean?  What would be your specific plan to fund repayment of the monies owed to Social?  What's your stance on mandatory vaccination and how do you feel about exemptions  Whom in your mind is more important , American citizens or illegal immigrants.  What is your goal concerning the environment?  What will you do to delegitimize the bribery that is campaign contributions?  The Canadian Banking system is the healthiest by far. They regulate. Why not us?  If you are elected President, and you discover a cabinet member has been storing  With the amount of anger/frustration in America, how will you overcome as POTUS?  What is your view on animal cruelty and how will you advocate for it?  Affordable childcare for working parents?   What will be your policy  for mental healthcare access and treatment?  When will DHS finally be required to properly address expired alien visas?  Address your position on the SCIENCE supporting climate change  Do you have a plan to address the integrity of voting across the country?  What are your plans as it relates to NASA funding?  How will you reduce the pork spending that appears in the budget each year?  What does sound environmental stewardship   require of the President of the US?  What will you do as president to assure clean water, air, and land?  How do you feel about Monsanto and the labeling of GMOs?  Does the 2d Am protect the right to bear arms of people not in a state militia?  Congress is in gridlock. How will you motivate Congress to pass your agenda?    If Social security is broke, how can we afford to import foreigners?  Would you continue endangering Americans by allowing unvetted refugees in US?  As president what will you do about brining justice for the murders in Benghazi   Will you support free community college education for all US citizens?  How you plan on supporting mental health initiatives and psychologists?   Do you support universal background checks on all elected officials?  What will you do to assure DOJ, FBI, IRS, Supreme Court, etc stay Apolitical  What will you do to bring down the costs of health care in the United States?  Specifically, how will you create jobs, and how will you pay for it?  Besides eliminating guns, what can be done to truly stop the gun culture?   What will you do to support Social Security?  How do you plan to defeat ISIS and stop mass muslim immigration?  Would you support a law banning private email for official use?  If elected will you continue or repeal Common Core?  UN Control of Sustainable Development  How will you work with Native Americans?  If elected, would you pass the Keystone Pipeline?  Should those in government be held to the same legal standard as citizens?  Why are members of Congress allowed to hold dual citizenships?  When will government be held accountable for raiding the social security funds?  Specifically, what would you do to secure the borders.   How will you protect the rights of all including LGBT, all Races.   How can we justify spending 57% of our federal taxes on the military complex?  What will you do to eliminate Genetically modified crops in the US   How will you tackle impunity in sanctuary cities?  Should a candidate accept $ from govts that openly kill gays & abuse women?  How would you deal with the unrest between police and minorities?  Do you consider unborn children to be a human life and if not why?  If a US embassy is attacked by Islamic terrorists would you tell the truth?  Will you consider a pause in Immigration and much stricter assimilation rules?   What specific steps will you take to ensure safe drinking water for Americans?  What will you do to end the school to prison pipe-line in the United States?  Do you support line item veto?  Why didn't anyone send help to the ambassador in Benghazi?  Should senior govt officials who expose secrets lose their security clearances?  Do you pledge to place America's and American citizens' interests FIRST?  What would you do to make sure that corrupt politicians are held accountable  Why is the Federal Reserve allowed to destroy the dollar?  Will you hold every US citizen to the same standard, including yourself?  How do you plan to remediate greenhouse gasses?   How would you make sure politicians are held accountable for breaking the law.  Why do we need 900 military bases in the world  to promote democracy?  What is going to be done on the pension crisis?  What would you do to expand and update the National Park Service?  What would you do to rid our elections of corporate, pac and foreign money?  What steps would you take to enforce our nation's immigration laws?  What will you do regarding North Korea?  If North Korea continues to test Nuclear weapon, what would you do as President?  What's your position of Obama handing over the control of the Internet to the UN  How will you fix homelessness, poverty minimum wage, and income inequality?  Do U agree that without 1st fixing govt corruption, we can't fix anything else?  How do you plan to make American businesses competitive with foreign companies?  Immigrants come here and get benefits without ever having paid into the system.  Would you support capping Congress member's pay & only providing Obamacare Ins?  Under what circumstances would you resort to using a nuclear weapons if you became president?  Are you willing to ban GMOs and Monsanto products in the United States?  How will you end the corruption of career politicians who endanger our nation?  What are your plans for public schools who are not receiving enough support?  George Soro's & US Domestic Policy  Why don't we do away with the electoral college and have direct elections ?  Should government officials be allowed to exempt themselves from laws?  How do you feel about Americans right to know if their food is GMO or not?  What will you do to control outrageous increases in prescription drugs?  Will you help push the FDA to approve medication that had been proven to work?  Why did the 4 AMERICANS in Benghazi perish?   not mentioning your opponent what will YOU do to safeguard so. sec. & medicare  How will you assure the veteran suicide rate cuts down to little or no deaths?  What is your vision and what steps would you take to improve our public schools?  Explain in detail how taxing wealthy corporations translates to jobs   How would you hold illegal aliens who commit crimes accountable?  Who is going to overhaul Internal Revenue Service? It is a horrible mess!  Do you commit to open, unrestricted voting by all US citizens?  Should laws that apply to Americans generally apply to members of Congress?  Should USA demand allegiance to Constitution as immigration requirement?  What are your plans to eliminate illegal immigration?  What will you do to address our child and senior care crisis?   How can you justify taking any donations from foreign donors who oppress women?  Will you ban fracking and do everything possible to support solar & wind energy?  What is your stance on GMO labeling and our right to know what's in our food?   Do you think America should increase or reduce legal immigration?  What actions would you take to prevent terrorist attacks on american soil?  What is your stance on immigration, legal and illegal?  Will you require FDA to enforce the Food Drug and Cosmetic Act with pet food?  What will you do to develop safe,  affordable, and sustainable  energy?  What is your plan to tackle climate change and the lobbyists who fight the idea?  Would you allow a woman infected with the Zika virus to access abortion care?  Term limits for Congress and the elimination of life long pension / medical  How can we prevent the BLM from inciting riots and harm to police?  What would you do to protect Americans and our allies from the threat of ISIS?  Why are illegals allowed to receive gov assistance while American are denied?   Every Bill Must Be Stand-Alone  Why does gov't allow corps to replace well-educated American workers with h-1bs  What do you plan to do to protect Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid?  Most Americans want comprehensive gun control. What will you do as President?  How will you stop government benefits/payments to illegal immigrants?  Why isn't the entire medical industry under indictment under 15 USC Sec  1?  Will you support the banning of assault weapons?  What is your plan to stop the flow of illegal immigrants into the US?  Refugees and Illegal immigrants but not veterans receive special benefits , Why?  How would you change the tax code to encourage companies to remain in the US? 
How will you ensure that laws support legal immigration?  Why does social welfare fraud get more attention than corporate welfare/bailout?  Is American laws/entitlements/freedoms, a Constitutional Republic or Democracy?  who will make up the 20% tax break to those making $60,000  or less  What do you intend to do about the terrorist threats to our national security.  Do you consider people who use the "n"  word deplorable? If not then what word?  How can health benefits be improved for the older population?   Is it  acceptable to use abortion services as a form of birth control?  What will you do to ensure that the 5 GSIBs have viable living wills?  How would you clean up Govt agencies and improve their services w/o congress?  The Constitution is our law. and bad spending is problem, Can you stop it?    Miss Universe contestants want World Peace. How do you make this dream come true  Will you continue Obama's FREE CELL PROGRAM?  What actions will you take to combat cyber attacks from Russia, China, & N Korea  Why shouldn't a presidential candidate release his/her tax returns?  Do you think Washington knows how to spend Americans' money better than they do?  Should a candidate be able to run for POTU if under an investigation by the FBI?  Should the primary system be eliminated?  What & how have you created jobs in the past and how will it help in the future?  Will you commit to safeguard civilians in Syria in your 1st 100 days & how?  Was it a good idea not to support the coup in Iran?         Voted     Is it acceptable to use abortion as a form of birth control?    Would you support balancing retired pay for service members with politicians?  How do you stop discrimination of patients who use insurance from the exchange?  What is your definition of "Patriotism"?   How do you feel accepting money from companies with origins rooted in slavery?  You child at a embassy overseas is under attack what would you do.  Do you think access to the highest level of healthcare should be limited?  U.S. Supreme Court, Scalia vacancy  What is the process for an amendment to be repealed, added, or repealed?  Why is America not great? When was it great before and why?  Should SNAP benifts be  restricted like WIC  Does Young Metro trust you?   In your own words, define racism.   what is the difference between Hammas and Hezbalah?  What is the difference between negotiating in business and in foreign policy?  please define EXACTLY "the rich's fair share" of taxes.  What will you do to support poor families raising children to stay together   civility, mutual respect  Who is to blame for the loss of American jobs to foreigners?  How will you address America's opiod addiction?   Do you think that the holocaust happened?  Trickle up policies  Would you encourage a high school student to consider a career in government?  Should abortion be illegal? Even if rape or incest results in pregnancy?   Is it acceptable to use abortion services as a form of birth control?  what more would you do so  guns are found less in airports?  Would you consider moving Cabinet agencies to other cities to spread benefits?  How do you plan to support the implementation of inclusive classroom practices?  How will improving school technology help with the students learning   What is political correctness and why is it good or bad?  How is it that millions are spent on this election and we have poverty in usa.  Should a company's taxes be tied to how many jobs they bring to the U.S.?  How will you limit, if not fully stop, civilian casualties due to drone strikes?  What type of job did you have before becoming rich?  What are your views and plans for trans* individuals and the bathroom they need?  Our employees have picked which laws they should follow or enforce-why have laws  How would you change the unemployment benefit system to help people more?  Should the U.S. halt financial aid to Ecuador because of the Assange asylum?  What will you do differently to fight ISIS?  How will you build bridges across the aisles to get your new legislation passed?  What will you do to solve the student loan debt crisis?    How do you keep IT jobs in America because they can be done remotely?  What plan do you have to address the affordability gap in housing?  Overbearing Presence of Federal Government  How would you fund your economic plans, considering that he US is 20 T in debt.  How should the NSA contractor arrested for theft of top secrets be punished?  What is your worldview?  Which countries might you anticipate going to war with during your presidency?  Will you each say one positive thing about your opponent?   Would you support a bill declaring Personhood?  What is the greatest single achievement in your career?  Supported gifted children  What would you do to impose US policy vis a vis ending the Israeli occupation?  How much tax would you pay under your opponent's tax plan?  How will you lower taxes and bring down our debt?  Do you promise to tell nothing but the truth throughout your presidency?  How is political correctness helping or hurting the American society?  Is there too much secrecy in Government?  Why do white rural christians love socialism as long as no one else benefits?   What will you do to remove laws and regulations not based on the Constitution?  What would be done for those who are disabled but are not recognized disabled.?  Name any policy implemented by your party's most recent POTUS you disagree with.  Tell us why it is NOT the responsibility of the Govt to take care of adults.  What will you do to reduce the debt burden for students seeking higher education  Should any business be too big to fail? Would you ever support a bailout?  Do you view "Black Lives Matter" as being anti-police?   Will you really stand up to corporate greed?  Have either of you even been diagnosed with a neurological disease?  What is your favorite Bible passage and how has it guided your life choices?  Why is NAFTA being blamed for loss of US jobs? Aren't there other real reasons?   What specific actions would you take on day one to stop the tragedy in Aleppo?  How will you deal with students with disabilities?  What law will upass 2 deter bad police frm contng. 2 unjustly kill unarmed ppl  How important do you think tax payment is to the growth of the economy?  The intensity and frequency of disastrous weather events are increasing dramatic  What courses of actions will you take to make DOD an auditable entity?   In what ways have you legally minimized your federal income taxes?  What is the greatest single achievement in your career?  Do you support or have you supported the North American Union?   What is your position on the 4th and 5th Amendments?  Should 18 US Code 798 Disclosure of Classified Information be revised?  Could a resurgence in unions help with middle class pay gap?  What actual benefits come from building a wall?   Would you end automatic increases in the federal budget?  Taxing the rich to support the needy, should there be a moratorium when to end?  How are you fixing your current greatest weaknesses in knowledge or ability?   What do you have for the average young person?  What is your definition of "FAIR" when it comes to taxation?   Would you encourage other nations to adopt our First and Second Amendments?  What will you do about the Venezuelans that are here escaping their regimen?  Do you plan to acknowledge Israel's oppression of Palestinians?  What do you hope for?  What is the greatest single achievement in your career?  What would you do to eradicate polio?  How does a career government worker get rich?  What will you do about domestic terrorism?   How do you include the other nations fighting ISIS in your assessments and plans  Will you work to / try to convince congress to legalize kinder eggs?  As President, will you support our right to live in the communities we choose?  Is ignorance of the law an excuse for breaking it?  Will you act to negate the Iran deal as a priority of your Presidency?  What is the greatest single achievement in your career?  Has either candidate studied the FairTax?  What keeps you awake at night?  Should everyone running for office disclose their Tax returns?  Are you in support of tax loopholes, where people can claim no tax liability?  What is one admirable trait in your opponent you wish you had?  What will you do to inspire employers to buy affordable care for their employees  Would you help illegals get their papers or continue to throw them out?  What is a fair tax rate for you? Should the rich be allowed any deductions?  How should the mishandling or leaking of classified documents be dealt with?  Are we going to see serious discussions doing away with the Electoral college?  How would you act to repeal Citizens United?  What is your exact plan to combat income inequality?   Can you name the first 10 amendments to the constitution?   How do you interpret the 2ND amendment in terms of individual gun ownership?  Before running for president what have you done to help middle class people?   Can I have a direct say in where my tax dollars go?  What is your plan for policing the mentally ill, hearing impaired etc  How would you bridge the racial divide that is taking place in our country?  What is the greatest single achievement in your career?  YES or NO question, did you support engaging in war with Iraq? Again YES or NO   How do you plan to grow the economy without playing robin hood?  Had your opponent been as transparent as possible during this campaign?  What is the greatest single achievement in your career?  Will you support the FairTax and why or why not?  America has Obesity issues. Other than ridicule, how can you help obese people?  Examples of your community involvement that will help you be a better POTUS?  Does diversity represent a strength or a weakness in American society?  How will you ensure that funds are available for Social Security, and Disabilit?  Would you continue Obama's "pen & phone" strategy to "get things done"  What is the greatest single achievement in your career?  Is healthcare a right or a privilege?   How do you plan to work with the SC and congress if they disagree with you?  If elected, would you pull all your foreign businesses back to U.S. Soil?  When will both of you release a full medical disclosure?   How many years of my life do I owe the government?   In three sentences, how will your economic plan bring back jobs?  Will you visit Sri Satya Sai Baba Ashram to study free health/education system?  Will military spending remain as is?  I work in Banking IT. My company is sending jobs overseas. Security Concerns?  How many more Americans would you send into the conflict in the Middle East?  Will you repeal the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) if it is enacted?  When does life begin in your eyes?  How can pro-abortion (ending lives) and anti-gun (saving liives) views coexist?  What will you do to ensure the integrity of the presidential nomination process?  How would you control healthcare premiums costs and pharmaceutical costs.    Why is Pepe the frog a hate symbol?   What are the top 3 regulations you will enact or repeal once in office?  What will you do about major health insurance providers leaving Obamacare?  Regulated TNR programs for stray cats/dogs    Name one foreign leader you respect and look up to.  What is your plan to combat global disease epidemics  What is the greatest single achievement in your career?  How will you reduce the size of out government?  What is your opinion and solution to US national debt?  Give an example of a mistake you made that hurt someone, and how you responded?  Does "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness" mean more or less government?  What is the name of the book that had the greatest impact on you personally?  When does life begin, and at what point does a fetus deserve the right to live?  When was America last "great"? And why was it great then and not now?  Which ethic/worldview is the basis for your support of human rights?  What are three specific policies you would enact during your first 100 days?  How does a unfaithful spouse reflect poorly on a faithful spouse?  College affordability  How can you ensure that you will put America's national security first?  How is more nuclear weapons a good thing?   What do the Statue of Liberty, and the poem inscribed on its base, mean to you?  Why is it OK to benefit financially from other people's financial disasters  How do you plan on handling the issues in the Middle East?  Would a new GI Bill for everyone seeking a college education work again?  What will you do to break the gridlock in the House and Senate?  How will you support the United States Navy?  Do you believe that the other 2 Pres candidates have the right to debate  Will you make college free?  How does your personal/religious faith play a role in your life and decisions?  How will you protect American workers from H1B abuse?  Education: Right or Priviledge? And rising student loan debt   What will you do to get money out of politics?  How do you feel about the police on community crimes?  Is there a constitutional entitlement to healthcare?  What are you,specifically, going to do to protect our borders?  Should subpoenaed information be allowed to be destroyed without consequence?  Should the DEA be abolished if they aren't beneficial to the USA?  What specific federal income tax reforms will you urge Congress to pass?   Have you ever done any outreach to minorities prior to running for president?  How do the candidates feel about manufacturing jobs going overseas?   How do you plan to balance the needs of the poor with the desire of the wealthy  Do you support our police (law and order) or do you advocate retraining them?  Should the First Amendment be amended to stop denigrating the American Flag.  What world leader in power, you feel you most closely aligned with ?Explain why.  What actions or options would you take to make the congress more productive?  Explain why the "birther movement" is considered racist?  What is the name of the book that had the greatest impact on you personally?  Will you grant Edward Snowden a fair, open, and speedy trial?  Which federal depts do you believe we should eliminate and why?  How will you ensure that STEM and CTE education will be available to students?  How would you explain to K-12 students the hateful, violent campaign rhetoric?   Do you believe LGBTQ rights supersede 1st amendment religious liberties?  What is your plan for funding research to find a cure for Type I diabetes?  How are you uniquely qualified to be a role model for America's children?  Do you support the Muslim Brotherhood?  How do you plan to get anything accomplished as president?   Should females be forced to share restroom and shower facilities with males?  How would you prevent voter fraud in our election process laws?  How would you give citizens more of a say in what government does?  Do you believe we should remain in the UN  How will you eliminate gov't fraud and waste  Would you as President support a nuclear first strike position?  How will you get your specific tax reforms passed in a divided Congress?  Pardon the current President, yes or no?  Do you support Hyde which mostly has a religious basis for opposing abortion?  Will you decrease the size of the federal government to help balance the budget?  How can you improve the outcomes for soon to be adult foster children?  Would you Support or Oppose The Convention of States Amending the Constitution?  What landmark Supreme Court case do you think was or was not decided correctly?  We all have background checks. Why are the companies not under fed guidelines?  Which educational policies do you believe have been effective?   What would you do to reach out to the losing side?  How do you think soldiers feel about ISIS taking cities their buddies died in?  Do have the temperament necessary to be President and Commander in Chief?  Do you support mandatory (compulsory) voting?  Will you support legalization of cannabis to fund mental health and addiction?  What are we going to do about the rapid rise of co2, is this problem permanent?  Will you support restoring the Fairness Doctrine if elected? Why or why not?  Immigration, policing, and sexuality laws are divisive, how will you unify us?  What is public service to you & what personal act in that area are you proudest?  How will you ensure legal US citizens will get job first?  Will you consent to an MRI?  Can Sharia coexist with the US Constitution?  Should blacks start carrying guns to protect themselves against the police?  What are your plans/policies to address the disappearing coastal areas in the US  Why are LGBT citizens entitled to civil rights protections?  Will you raise the minimum wage to $15? Why or why not?  How will you address pay discrimination against women and minorities?  What would you do to bring peace to such a greatly divided country?   What is your exact plan to pay the National Debt off & how long will it take?   What will you do to stop the epidemic of drugs in this country?  Please share your perspective on protecting religious liberties?  There are 65 million displaced people How would you help the refugee crisis?  How would you try to lower America's extremely high incarceration rates?  Are politicians above the law in regards to mishandling classified information?  Would you support a Single Issue Legislation mandate for the US Congress?  Do you believe the FBI & DOJ has been politicized?   Is it important that prospective legal immigrants prove their value to the US?  Is it ok for President Obama to continue to push for TPP?  Do you feel as if political correctness has gone too far?  What specific steps will you take to keep communities safe from deadly attacks?  The president paid Iran $1.7 billion in cash. Do you agree with him?  Do you think it's right to grope people's genitals without their consent?  Are you in Favor of a Balanced Budget Amendment and a Fair Tax Code Based On Pur  Should #MSM be held legally libel for manipulating electorate with false facts  Will you agree to ban speaking fees for all public officials and their families?  Outside of your careers what's one thing are you most proud about to accomplish  What will you do to reduce out of control spending by the federal government.   As Pres what will you do with the climate change exec orders?  Would you support a law transferring police shootings to federal jurisdiction?  How will you address the rise in mass shootings and homegrown terrorists?  Would you overturn D.C. vs. Heller?  Is any person above the law?  What do you have to say to people that make fun of disabled people and women?   How will you help heal the deep divisions we see in our country today?  You both have foundations, what can you say they have contributed to the world?  Do you think the President or the Congress has the authority to make war?   Are you in support of the nation's environmental protection statutes?  If released certificate proves citizen, why not release return to prove honest?  How do we combat home grown terrorism?  What action would you take to improve animal welfare and ensure animal rights?  How would you develop a  program like the Civilian Conservation Corps?  Do you support the ISDS provision of the TPP and do you support TPP overall.  What would you do to require banks to share the wealth?  How can you stop the impact of genetically modified foods?  Do you think it is the responsibility of all citizens to pay taxes?  What plans, if any, do you have in regards to reregulating wallstreet?   How will you support family planning and prevent the need for abortion?  Do you have a plan to keep crony capitalism from hurting the little guy?  Do you think it is right for tax payers to fund abortion?  How would you address rising tensions in South Asia between India & Pakistan?  Do you think that financial institutions need more or less regulation?  Will you keep climate change to 1.5 degrees C. to save Pacific nations/all of us  Will you invest in our failing infrastructure and how will it be paid for?   Is the Patriot Act constitutional?  Will you repeal it?  Do you agree with Obama turning over control of the internet to the UN?  Explain  why would the american constitution "cover" those from other countries?  What will you do to protect and support public education?  How would you ensure another Benghazi doesn't happen?   Should government funded media be held accountable for election manipulation  What would you do to raise wages of U.S. workers WITHOUT mandating it by law?  How will you keep climate change to 1.5 degrees C. to save us all?  Could you expedidate social security disability benefits to those in need?  How will you combat the issue of Left Wing Hate Groups destabilizing America?  Describe the world as you anticipate it 4 years into your opponents presidency.  What service have you provided to this country? What sacrifices?  If elected, what will you do to prevent conflicts of interest while in office?  What will you do to secure our food & water supply?  How do you propose repaying the money that was taken out of the Social Security?  Are you going to implement  nationwide police reform to combat murder of POC?  Does "Change" include banning transport of horses to slaughter?  What do you plan to do to keep Climate Change from getting worse?  How do you propose to fix America's infrastructure and pay for it?   Disclose your opinion about consumption versus income taxation. What about VAT.  Will you repatriate wild horses to their traditional ranges on our public lands  What is your position on partial-birth abortion?  How will you work to ensure that everyone is treated equally under the law?  Will you work to help stop the media from perpetuating racism in America?  Do you think the current Federal Poverty Level of $11,880 is reasonable in 2016?  What is wrong with putting America and Americans first?  Would you support a moratorium on immigration & support for illegal immigrants?  Do you support tax incentives for fossil fuel companies to move to renewables?  What will you do about 1000s of C. A. women & children being held in detention?  How would you respond to the recent Russian military actions towards the US?  As President, how will you lead our nation to restore and heal race relations?  How would you improve public education, in particular Pre-K through High School?  Is it ethical for career politicians to get rich by serving in public office?  Do you think it's reasonable for immigrants to have a work permit and pay taxes?  How will you support European people's rights to their own sovereign nations.?  Should politicians be held to same standards as the public if commit a crime  Discuss ur immigration policy with regards to open/closed borders, vetting, etc.  How would you proceed to eliminate government waste and criminal activity?    Would you end tax breaks for fossil fuels and create tax breaks for renewables?  What actions will you take to end the illegal activity of sanctuary cities?  What will you do for the (nonhuman) animals who share the United States with us?  Will you legalize medical marijuana so that it will be accessible for everyone?  How do you intend to keep SSA checks up with the true cost of living of senior?  In order, what are 3 top qualifications for president and why you?  Does the rewriting and omission of history in student's textbooks concern you?  What will you do to fix the broken immigration system?  As president, how will you expand gun rights for American citizens?  Do you think Edward Snowden is a traitor or a patriot?  Why should we take the refugees that Europe does not want  Will you imprison officials who use private email for sensitive correspondence.  What right does the government have to violate our privacy?  How will you help our military become strong again?  What is your plan to address police violence in your first 100 days in office  If states choose to legalize medical marijuana, will you change federal laws?  Is global warming a meme or does it have staying power?  Will you support paying Social Security on income over $125,000 a year?0  Should the media be held accountable for a clear bias in reporting the news?  As President, how will you stop the flow of illegal immigrants and refugees?  How will you work to protect and improve the lives of our nation's animals?  What will you do to end for-profit prisons that drive mass incarceration?  Should Americans see all documents from FBI investigation into email/Benghazi?  Why is requiring identification to vote racist?  Would you be willing to either repeal or repair/rework the Affordable Care Act?  
How will you supoort your candidate in terms of foreign policy and military?  Which comes first, federal spending or taxation?  Can you say something to prove to your primary supporters you haven't "pivoted"?  Will you support a Universal Basic Income?  The Criminal Justice System has become an enormous industry.  What would you do to support democracy and eliminate voter ID laws?  Would you submit to an independent  comprehensive medical examination pre 11/8?  Describe the importance of  WikiLEAKS revelations to this year's election.  Making Congress more efficient.  Political Correctness  Shouldn't every person above a certain income level be required to pay some tax?  What is your opinion on Edward Snowden and what he did?  What will you do to encourage and speed availability of 3D-printed transplants?  Do you plan to tax Wall Street stocks sales?  How are you tgebest qualified to unite our country in this time of deep divide?  How do YOU plan to utilize YOU Vice President?  How will you resolve conflicts between nations?  What would you do if you found out your spouse was gay or trans?  Which 2 countries are the greatest threat to America, and what would you do?      If ACA is repealed, what do you tell the 25 Million who lose their insurance?   How would you protect us from Radical Islamic terrorism?  If elected, what 2 specific pieces of legislation would be your highest priority  What are the best ways for common citizens to actively serve our nation?  What makes you the best qualified candidate to unite our country?  With your past experience:   What will you do to stop the nuclear disaster in Japan?   Should candidates with a history of racism be allowed to run for president?  Which do you prefer, Pepsi or Coke?  Should sexist candidates be allowed to run for President?  How would you handle relations with Philippines President Duterte?  Voter ID Law  Do we share universal values with Muslims that want to live under shariah law?  How would you address the issues that remain in implementing the ACA?  How do we balance our military obligations while balancing our budget?  Do you think the IRS' enforcement budget should be increased or decreased?  How do YOU plan to utilize YOUR Vice President?  What concrete actions do you propose to improve the economy in poor cities?  Is it the duty of Americans to support their country by paying taxes?  What is your opinion and what will be your actions on GMOs in America?  Can you two promise to focus on the issues instead of luring and attacking?  Is it the duty of Americans to support their country by paying taxes?  Was Israel wrong in building a wall similar to the one proposed for our border?  Your personal feelings toward bullying in schools & toward bullies in general?   Would you support a rule requiring all news reporting to be factual?  Why does the federal government not subsidize healthy, nutritious foods?     How will you help end the stigma against the mentally ill?  Will you champion comprehensive anti-corruption legislation to empower citizens?  Would you support removing "In God we trust" from our coins and bills?  Why is Roundup still allowed in the country when it is proven to be dangerous?  Do you pledge to kill the TPP and protect US sovereignty?  Unauthorized Immigrants account for 7.5% of births in the US. Is this a problem?  Would you authorize bombing Russian air/defense to implement Syria no-fly zone?  What are your plans for our national forests and wilderness areas?  As President, what Executive Orders would you rescind during your first 90 days?  Is overthrowing the Syrian government worth risking US-Russia war?   Would you support tagging all Congressional pensions to the minimum wage? 
With tensions rising in the South China Sea and Syria what would you do to  If the wealthy benefit from tax loopholes, how will cutting their taxes add jobs  When will legislation ensue all government contract companies are employee owned  How do your religious or spiritual convictions inform your actions?  What disciplinary actions resulted from Benghazi attack?  What would make you a great president?  Many retired people rely on dividends, what dividend tax rate do you support ?  Will you authorize work related materials to be transmitted via AOL GMAIL sites?  What DIS-qualifies a candidate from being elected?  Do you agree with effective altruism and how has your giving saved lives?  How would you react if your spouse committed the crime of rape?  As President, how would you improve relations with Honduras?  Would you consider creating a federal shield law?  Do you consider your opponents supporters deplorable?  Would you cut off funding/military aid to Israel until they cease settlements?  How can you make voters comfortable in trusting you as President of the US?  Is voter ID important? Do you feel voter fraud is a danger if no ID is required?  How will you be civil as president if you can't be during debates?   Would you use a drone strike to silence a whistleblower?  How do you plan to balance the budget, and reduce the national debt?  Are you aware there is no  minimum for Survivors benefits in S.S. U.S. citizens?  If changes in technology make full employment impossible, how will you respond?  Have you ever stolen money from the people of Haiti?  Do you support allowing discharge of student loan debts in bankruptcy?  Should you be president when you don't even pay taxes to support  our country?  What about the teachers?  What would you do about Aleppo?  What is your vetted plan to get the USA out of debt? #AskForA Plan  What do you think are the most important qualities a president must have?  Were either one of you mentored by a member of the klu klux klan?  What is your plan to  improve the lives of children in the US & in the world?  Do you support speech codes on public college campuses?  What is your vision for our country?  Who you support ratifying the constitution to elect Supreme court members?  What is your stance on Common Core?  In regards to balancing the budget, have you considered closing bases overseas?  What are you measuring success in the Middle East by?  How will you fight the islamist and jihadist ideology fueling groups like ISIS?  Sep. of church and state is not in the constitution. How will u protect religion  What is more important Global Warming or Nuclear Proliferation?  How do you plan on dealing with terrorism and the real threat of ISIS?  Do you support a balanced budget amendment? Why or why not?  Given the state of the middle class income, why raise the payroll tax?  What are the best ways to help those injured by climate disruption?  What are you willing to do for people that have disabilities?  Why are you afraid to debate against the Green Party and Libertarian candidates?  Why hasn't the North American Union been openly discussed and publicized?  Why should I pay student loans off if you are going to make college free?  Why are Muslim refugees given priority over Christian refugees?  What will you do to reverse the TPP and other harmful trade agreements?  Would you support medical or recreational use of Marijuana and decriminalize it?  What will you personally do to ensure we avoid a nuclear war with Russia?  Do you believe that climate change is occurring due to human activities?  Can you explain the current vetting process for immigrants/refugees?  What is your plan to improve the VA and the VA health care system?  Do you have plans to improve education and possibly return control to states?  Evidence shows Monsanto is harming much life on Earth. How will you stop them?  When did illegal stop meaning illegal when it comes to testimony, or immigration  Would you support banning those on the terror watch list from buying a gun?  Do you believe the US is bound by the Geneva Conventions and the UN Charter?  What would you do to address the rising costs of health care and insurance?  
interest rates  What is your position on Creation vs. Evolutionism?  What will you do to ensure a truly sovereign and independent U.S. in the world?  99%. 1%. Who cares? How about Civic Responsibility? How about Shared Sacrifice?  Shared Sacrifice: do you consider it a shared sacrifice to shop?  Aaron Swartz was prosecuted to death by Carmen Ortiz. Why? Seriously? Why?!!  What are your views on Roe v. Wade?  Will you work to lower the cost of more than undergraduate education?  Remember Cindy Sheehan? Remember Khizr Khan? Why aren't your children enlisted?  Remember Jews on the SS St. Louis? How are Syrian Refugees any different?  What's with the guns? Are we adults? Or children? Bang-Bang Shoot-Shoot. Really?  How does the national debt affect you, and if it doesn't, how can to control it?  What tools of foreign policy will you use to assert U.S. influence and power?  How do you intend to make transgender healthcare accessible and affordable?  If you lose, will you support your opponent to be the best POTUS ever?  As AI and tech continue to shrink human labor, how do you see the future of jobs  What will you do in response to countries that deny the right to homeschool?  When do you believe life begin?  Do you support the religious rights of organizations, like Answers in Genesis?  What will you do in response to countries that deny the right to homeschool?  Birther is just another word for Nigger. When are the racists gonna grow-up?  As AI and tech continue to shrink human labor, how do you see the future of jobs  What is you position on homeschooling and school choice?  What is your position on school choice and the right for parents to homeschool?  Word Matter. Or Do They?  Do you feel that honesty and integrity are things you bring to the table  The SS disability process can take 3+ yrs.  What can be done w/ the backlog?  Do you support a federal minimum wage increase to $15/hr ?  What is your position on supranational unions?  How do you plan on managing gun control?   What will you do to stop the increasing intolerance against Christians?  American Exceptionalism? How about exceptionally lazy? And spoiled?  What regulations will you attempt to lift or imposed on Wall Street?   Affordable Care is an Act. Why? Why won't Congress refine the ACA?  Are social media outlets appropriate for policy debate/discussion?  Aside from accepting new titles, what actions have you taken that qualifies you?  Specifically, what initiative would you do to limit and/or money in politics?  War On Terror. War On Drugs. Why not this: War on Poverty.  What do you think about Colombia's rebels and peace requests?  Separation of Church & State    What can you do to stop child abuse  What non-negotiable principles or policies would characterize your Presidency?  What will you do to reduce our $20 trillion debt?  What would you say to an employee who wanted to pump breast milk on the job?  The NGA - Toughen Security Clearance   Can we rename TARP? Troubled Asshole Relief Program.  George W. Bush cut taxes. And declared war. 2 wars. Illegally. Remember?  Do you plan on opening boarders as Merkel has in Germany, despite the crime rise  How do you plan to prioritize higher education as a means of economic growth?  How will you protect our first responders?  Explain what the military would look like with half the budget.   Describe the provisions of the second article of the United States Constitution?  As soon as you see a First responder will you respond right away?   Would you put student loans in the public or private sectors  What is the UN arms treaty? Do you support the UN arms treaty? What's it's purpo  Should medicaid eligibility be raised from 133% to 200% of the FPL?  What is your plan to help Florida through the hurricane?   Can the president make Maujina illegal in all 50 states?  What will you do to protect religious rights of groups like Answers in Genesis?  What is your position on religious liberty for Christians?  "Fair" is subjective. Is an equal flat tax is fair, and will you lower taxes?   Merrick Garland is no Antonin Scalia? Is Clarence Thomas a Thurgood Marshall?  Why are you running? Besides seeing your name in gold on Air Force One.  Teachers beg & borrow. Bankers steal. Raise your hand if you agree.  We all know Black Lives Matter. They matter LESS. Why? Why is this?  Mexico and India require voter I.D. Why doesn't America? How is this better?  Do you believe citizens have a right to know the country of origin of the food t  What can gov't do to fix jobs situation in academia after cutting grants?    What's one thing you that you would be able to accomplish if granted presidency?  What is one tactic of your opponent that you think they should change? Why?  How will you get Poland and other EU nations into the Visa Waiver Program?  How would you reverse the current huge increase in business bankruptcies?  how will you engage Congress to pragmatically drive your stated agenda?    Do you currently support, or have you ever supported Nazi Ideology?  Do either of you find routine bathroom breaks for any gender "disgusting?"   Is income inequality the problem or is social immobility the problem?  What are the roles of empathy and moral accountability in governing?  Would you support the development of high-speed mag-lift trains in the U.S?  What is one world issue that you believe you can make better? How?  Do candidates believe tax loopholes decrease revenue?  How many of your spouses have you cheated on?  How do you feel about pure capitalism?  Will you refine the No Fly List?  What needs to change in policing, with the high amount of police related deaths?  What is your position on Artificial intelligence?   How do you fix a polarized country when the media feed opinion disguised as fact  Do you think our police is too militarized? What would you do to change it?  Are Americans happy with our economy? If not, how would you fix the problem?   Address coal miners out of work when coal is banned fossil fuel  Will you end Americas Secret War? If so, how?  Do either of you have ANY free trade policies?  How would you bring Jobs back   When George Bush sr Signed NAFTA into law 1992   What parts if any of the Affordable Care Act would you keep?  Can/Would you sign a pledge to the American people to lower taxes for citizens?  What about healthcare  Politicians call women in love with  married male politicians rape victims. Why?  How will you prevent entitlement programs from crowding out spending for defense  Have you release your income tax returns for the last ten years?    Why is getting a college so expensive and why does the price continue to rise?  Without violating the 14th amendment, how would send back native born Americans?  How will you better the lives of ALL american's from lower to upper class?  where do you think Mexico will get the money to build the wall?  How do you plan helping students pay for college?  How do you plan helping the people in Florida that got damaged by the hurricane?  Do you believe English should be the language of the United States?  Is college really going to be free?  It wont be in my federal taxes for life?  $15/hour disqualifies people earning free tuition as cap for tuition is $25K.   BULLYING HAS BECOME A HUGE ISSUE IN OUR SCHOOLS  what penalty r being enforced for company going over seas.  why r lobbist allowed to bribe politians,there should be no lobbistist!  What is your stance on the 9/11 bill (Article 2040)?  Name the eight current Supreme Court justices, noting which one is Chief Justice  Do you support police misconduct cases being investigated by independent parties  How will you promote education in communities of poverty and violence?  As president how would you amend the 2nd amendment?  How are you going to benefit the Hurricane happening in Florida.   What Iraq War opponents will you consider for national security positions?  What will you do to continue helping LGBT people and their rights?  would you allow a Dr to discriminate against  an LGBTQ person?   Why should you be the president?  What are your views on "Pronatalism"  Why do you want citizens to vote for you?   What are your thoughts on Euthanasia?   How do you plan to help those less fortunate with college?  Stop telling us why NOT to vote for your opponent.  Tell us why to vote for you.  What are your views on ending the Hyde Amendment?  Many coal mines closed w/o notice, no green jobs. Does EPA have too much power?  Affordable Care? Managed Care? How bout Genuine Care? It's not if. It's when.  should we abolish the electoral college ?  Are you going to use the techniques in memory contests in the education system?  Why would our tradin partner be willing to renegotiate a trade deal with us?  Would your economic policies be accomplished by the end of your presidency?  What will you do to ensure the enormous backlog of rape kits get processed?  What would you do to make learning better for public school students?  How do you feel about abortion?  If you don't win the election what do you hope or plan to do to serve the nation  What are your top three vital interests in the Middle East?  What would you do as president to decrease drunk driving fatalities & injuries?  It's open season on the unarmed. What's with insecure men? And guns?  Who would you elect to fill Former Justice Scalia's Empty Supreme Court seat?  What would you do to simplify Medicare applications and choices?  Do you consider yourself to be a born again Christian, and why?  How will you penalize officials for improper accounting of department funds?  Why are you the most qualified candidate to speak out on women's rights?   How do you plan to help women in this country?  How do you plan on eliminating fraud in our government programs?  How do you plan on to protect our democracy from lobbyists like the NRA?  Why are you both more preoccupied with trying to sabotage your opponent ?  What will you do regarding the 2nd amendment in result of rising gun violence?  How would you deal with Russia and Assaad regime in Syria  Will you guys do something to make College a little more affordable?  Would you support the idea of lowering the national drinking age to 18?  Is working on our healthcare system in your plan?   Will you repeal the unfair GPO/WEP?  Was the United States founded as a White Supremacist society?  If you win, would you be willing to not run for a second term?   What are your thoughts on the manufacturing and use of Nuclear weapons?  Will you file a proposed amendment of UN drug treaties to end drug prohibition?  How will you deal with crises like teachers' strikes?  What is your plan in regards to Obama care and healthcare?   My name is Lily ANDERSON. I am a 14 year old freshman in H.S.    In a time of Natural disaster In America, what will you do to keep America safe?  How will you close tax loopholes utilized by the wealthiest to evade taxes?  National Concealed Carry Act  Are you committed to separation of powers among our 3 branches of U.S. Gov't.?  Will you provide referral systems for Veterans  What is your plan to address the diverse language needs of students in schools?  Could you communicate well with the many foreign leaders who are women?  What is your opinion on the role of the federal government in public health?  Do teacher unions improve education? Are unions still important generally?  If a situation like Hurricane Matthew happens again what is your first step?  Women have been deprived opportunities in many industries due to  risk of injury  Via the surge, we created safe neighborhoods in Iraq, why not here?  Why is there a 25 year regulation on vehicular imports in the USA?  What time period of American history do you feel that we were at our greatest?  Should Congress use Amendment 13 to ban conscription for military service?  What are your views on free college?  Both of you are wealthy. Would you serve as Prisident without pay or benefits?  Should candidates running for POTUS be required to submit 10yrs health reecords   What can you do to support our young work force with crippling debt?  What are your views on lowering educational costs ie- lower tuition for college?  How will you help to create substantial jobs for graduates?  What former President, living or dead, would you ask for advice?  Will you priortize relations with African Countries as President?  What are you going to do to lower the unemployment rate?   Would you support government support for globalized economy creating more Jobs?   What new tactics can we come up with to stop ISIS?  If cars can have technology that can avoid accidents, why can't trains?  What would you do about the debt crisis in Puerto Rico?  Why are Muslim women allowed to wear faces covered in public in this Country?  What will you do to support teachers?  Are you going to do more police training for hostile situations?  What part of the political system needs to be changed?  Do teacher unions to improve education? Are unions still important generally?  What happens to transportation  What legacy do you aspire to achieve as President of the United States?  Central Banks have failed to create demand for good jobs, how will you?   when is the last time you had a full press conference?  Which of your policies will most help voters who support your opponent?  If given the chance would you have attempted to killed Osama in the 90's?  Explain your decision making process.  Do you have any desire to limit the power of the Executive Branch?  Do you feel that fame gives you special rights to abuse people?  How do you intend to stop Vladimir Putin's sabre rattling?   What are you going to do about our poor labor force participation rate?  When in office, what steps will be taken to end our education malpractice?   The Paris Agreement- What will you do to create jobs in a "Green" economy?  Do you believe in a woman's right to  100% choose their reproductive freedom?  As president, how will you address single stories against specific races?  Would you seek bipartisan compromise to solve our myriad crises? In which areas?  A report card on the current administration   Why are "dreamers" given more access to education than US students?  Is the War on Drugs the heart of most American crises affecting ALL categories.  Do you feel our country is headed toward a dictatorship lead country?  Are there still "separate but equal" laws that allow racial discrimination  Low-income families get no benefit from tax deductions like wealthy taxpayers do  School choice as effective strategy for failing schools in low-income areas  What are your plans regarding the issue of abortion?  Why cant U.S. step away from conflicts rooted in the Middle East?   Do you think that the surplus in the 90's was due to cuts to the military?  If the question is funding social security why is never a question about welfare  Define income parameters for the middle class; how much would taxes go up in $  Do you have any plans to make college more affordable? If so, how?   What are the 3 branches of our federal government?  How will you stop police brutality against racial and social/sexual minorities?   Grab Them By The Pussy. Can we discuss this? Or is it too uncomfortable?!!  When will America hear about issues we  care about instead of personal attacks?  Address coal miners out of work when coal is banned fossil fuel  With so many women being raped in conflict areas...what would you do to stop it?  Would you support a flat income tax or national sales tax?  why do i have to rent to people who i dont want to rent to. govt saids i have to  In the spirit of honesty and truth, is it important to describe one's assets  Would you support a bill that banned both abortion and semi/automatic/hand guns?  Can you react to an act of terror, without a war, while showing America's power?  To what extent are rebels in Syria civil war supported by US allies?  When the Cold War ended, what should US foreign policy have done differently?  Would you consider a major redesign of our public school systems?  What influence has the Golden Rule had on your worldview?  Should federal govt provide resources for racism education?  What is your your view on our Education in our country. getting more kids to go   Would you repeal the 9/11 bill that just passed in Congress?  Why is character at least as important as policy for a candidate?  How will you strengthen our relationship with NATO?  Should be police be prosecuted for shooting unarmed non resisting civilians?  if you had illegal immigrants in you family would you deport them   How should we get people that were misplaced by Hurricane Matthew to cast votes?  What is your view on standardized tests in schools?  Have you ever experienced a seizure, loss of consciousness, or neurologic tremor  Under the Obama administration, Welfare Recipients increased from 24M to 46M in  Do you believe gun free zones are effective in reducing lethal violence?  WHY do you want to be president?  My name is Lily Anderson. I am 14 years old and a freshman in high school.   Will there be more job opportunities, since there are a lot of cuts?  How will you make sure kids across the nation receive equal education?  Will you ensure the Hyde Amendment remains the law of the land?  Do you plan on starting a war with ISIS when you are elected?  Cand#1 What is the 1st Amendment? Cand#2 What is the 5th Amendment?  Who are two current senators not in your party that you admire and why?  Would you and your spouse take up residency in the White House for your term?  What countries, if any, in the world today would you consider to be great?  How to stop stark Partisanship btwn.all party lines to pass crucial legislation?  What is one thing that you believe you have in common with your opponent?  What is your priority in Syria?   Should ALL illicit drugs be legalized, taxed, controlled and regulated?  How should your major party change its political platform in upcoming years?  How much should Supreme Court allow own religious beliefs affect legal rulings  Is it fair to force a woman to carry a child for benefit of adoption by others  Whats going to happen with the Obama Care?  What will you do ensure equal pay for men and women and close the wage gap?   How important is foreign relations to you in your presidential responsibilities?  what will you do to engage the 40+% of the population who vote for your opponent  Do you plan to cut down the federal budget in order to create more jobs? How?  How will you solve corruption, making sure the poor are being served first?  What do you plan to do about Syrian refugees?  What are you going to help single income families on a minimum wage salary?  Have you always put the American people ahead of yourself?  How are you going to make good education affordable to everyone?  What is your reasoning to making Immigration laws to keep immigrants out?  Which tax codes/loop holes will you close that benefit the wealthy?   What would you do to increase the financial efficiency and response time of FEMA  Should there be a federal law making it illegal to kill a Police officer?  What are your specific plans to address the growing income gap among Americans?  When do you say life begins?  Should US policy on nuclear weapons be focused on supremacy or abolition?  If 10% of the people have 90% of the wealth in this country, how do you plan to   How are you going to respect the rights and dignity of women  in this country?  Tobacco is the number one leader cause of sickness/death. Harm Reduction...  What is your position on the case of Purvi Patel?  How will you regulate Special Districts?  How will you get the wealthy to pay their fair share of taxes?  What will you do to make tax money distribution more equitable for schools?  What should USA have done about Iraq after 9/11 Attacks?  How are we suppose to save the environment if we keep cutting down trees?  Will it be your goal to make the USA a more dominant economic force in the world  How will you insure that student loans wont affect living situations?  What kind of social impact do large corporations have on the environment?  What do you think should be done about police brutuality?  How would you reform certain police departments?   Would accept personal sacrifices if it saved the national economy?  Are you prepared to run again without special interest money donations?  How will you reform the tax code to increase revenue without increasing taxes.  Will you condemn Saudi Arabia's treatment of women?  What have you done to leave the world a better place?  Do you think Immigrants should be treated as fair as Americans?  Do you feel that Black Lives Matter is effective in discussing police reform?  How do you feel about gun control? And what will you do towards gun control?   Affordable Care Act  What will you do to heal the political divide in this country?  Please explain how you think open borders or a wall would affect our economy.   Why can't all schools around the country have high computers?  How would you propose to reform the way we fund political candidates' campaigns?  What is the first or most important issue you would like to resolve if you win?  Do you think that Immigrants have a big role in the economy?  What is your tax plan for the nation? Income tax, sales tax, etc  Will fund, and to what extent, mental health support in communities nationwide?  How could a small business compete with a large corporation if taxes are 15%?  Are you prepared to make life or death decisions involving millions of people?  How will you respect people freedom of speech and privacy with technology?  How will you get Congress to provide physical stimulus to the economy?  How open are you to working with your current opponent candidates?  If elected, would you support voting system reform?   How will you solve racial tensions/race war?  What lessons have you learned from the Central Park Five case?  How to you balance the ego and humility that is required of the President of US?  Do you believe the Tax policies during the Bush Years were successful?  The CP 5 settlement has been called a disgrace.  Do you agree? Why or Why not?  What is your vision of a just society?  What's your plan to raise money for the new programs you propose as president?  How will you ensure terrorists don't get there hands on lethal weapons?  What are you going to do about Police Brutality?  What economist most influences how you when developing economic policy?  How do you plan to stop/find the source of isis promo videos?  How would you defend the country's cyber-security and national interest?  Do you feel the media has truly been fair and objective?  What will you do to fix the injustice of mass incarceration of minorities?  Do you support a single payer health care system?  What will you do to guarantee religion and race is not used against someone?  How will taking away gun rights, stop people with bad intentions from getting gu  How would you give third party candidates a better chance in elections?  Is economic inequality a problem in your eyes? If so, how would you address it?  If US military uses air power to help overthrow Syrian gov't, what will happen?  How do you plan to work with congress and the senate to get bills passed?  What is your approach to analyzing facts and problem solving?  Would you support a constitutional amendment banning bailouts of banks?  What qualities would you look for in hiring a chief of staff?  what should the citizens of this country really expect from a president   Do you as a candidate feel that this do nothing should be tossed out of office  What would you do if we got a threat from ISIS?  Do you believe in Global Warming and what would you do as President to cover dif  What is the role of the federal government and the separation of powers?   How would you lower the amount of abortions being done?    Would you retire from public office if you lose the presidency?   What are you going to do to close the pay gap between men and women?  Do you support the idea of gvt officials not being allowed to take dble pension   How would you reform the criminal justice system?  Do you think other seniors your ages, 68 and 70, should still be working?  What will you do to ensure a fair wage for employees of profitable companies?  Do you support a national nurse licensure compact for RNs?  How do you plan to support the next generation of workers with the highest debt?  Ask both candidates what they would do to improve race relations world wide  What are the plans for college debt?  What are your thoughts on student debt and college loans?  What will do you to all the jobs that are lost if immigrants are taken out?  Do you support Gary Johnson being aloud to participate in the last election  What will you do about repealing the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 .  Do you support LGBT organization?  Would you consider an income/property tax exemption for military veterans?  What can the government do (or stop doing) to improve economic growth?  As president how do you plan to deal with racial profiling and abuse by police.  How would you help the nearly 1+ million teens who are homeless?   Would you focus more on getting rid of illegal immigrants or terrorists?   when a candidate receives donations from wall street , can us voters win ?  How similar will your presidency be to POTUS of the last 8 years (scale 1-10)?  Are Senator John McCain and other American prisoners of war war heroes?  What, in your opinion, is the most reasonable view held by your opponent?  Do you think the idea of American Exceptionalism is dead?  As a Christian, do you believe you are sinful and need to be forgiven?  Was it a stroke of genius or epic folly for Nixon to end the gold standard?  How do we avoid the refugee problems seen In the EU?  What will you do to reduce the negative effects America has on the environment.   How could you use politics to foster community instead divisiveness?  Is Obamacare continuing, even though Barack Obama will not be in office anymore?  How will you aide in cutting down on Welfare Fraud?    What's your PLAN to make cities like Chicago safer? Curb violence?    Which 3 programs will see the most growth &which 3 will shrink most?  What would you say to voters who are legitimately terrified of you taking office  What are you going to do to stop the abuse on entitlement programs medicad, etc.  How do you plan to get Congressional support for your agenda for the country?  How are you prepared to deal with the polarized political climate in Washington?  Whats the biggest misconception about you?   How would you approve Humanitarian Aid internationally? (Haiti)  Imagine you are President...  Which belligerents(s) should we work with in Syria, if any at all?  BENGHAZI? BENGHAZI! BENGHAZI?  Why has this election focused so much on illegal immigration?  Provide stats      Will you break the agribusiness monopolies that have destroyed family farms?  How will you be transparent to the people?  How exactly would you improve the Affordable Care Act? Be specific.  Should the president hold a top level security clearance?  What motivates big companies to put so much money in the political system?   Do you think that the American government has the right to spy on its citizens?   Is the purpose of charter schools to dismantle traditional public schools?  What is the guiding principle of your life, with examples?  Why have you two candidate been more focused on bashing each other as a person   How would you clean up the Education for the kids, that are taught wrong?..  Should women be allowed up to two years, of maternity leave?  Do you feel it is the role of the federal government to enforce civil rights?  Do you share more values with President Obama or President Putin?  How do you plan to create jobs in America? When no one buys "made in America."  Should homeowners be able to deduct the lost value of their homes on their taxes  Health and welfare of women and children in America.  Should it be easier for third party candidates to appear on national debates?  What are your thoughts on those individuals who dodged the draft multiple times?  What can you tell us about quantum computing?  Why was the birther issue so important & will you be able to provide your own?  How will you bring back large companies and jobs to the USA!  After such a demeaning campaign, how can you be a role model for Americas Youth?  How would you address the inequality in dress code between female students?  When should US Dept of Justice prosecute violent police officers?  What are the adverse consequences of raising tariffs to renegotiate trade deals?  How will you create a society of Americans who respect one another?  What is the ideal number of residents for the United States?   Should the federal government play a bigger role in our lives?  Do you accept that more firearms in circulation leads to more gun violence?  What do you have to say to the American people about minimum wage?  What is your history in the Civil Rights movements of this country?  If you become President will you protect our sovereignty or are you a globalist?  How would you expand access to higher education to all Americans?  What is your view on TPP?  If you do not support public funding of elections and 6 week campaign, why not?  WHAT'S IN IT FOR BLACK PEOPLE?   How does a president prevent existing bureaucracy from controlling policy?  Would you support a return to sound money, ideally backed by gold?  How are you going to address the environmental damage done by mass factory farm?  Middleclass families barely make ends meet, would your administration help them?  What is your plan to cut down college tuition making it affordable for everyone?  What exactly will you do with illegal immigrants that follow the law?  Do you support amending the US Constitution?   If you become our next president, would you give your salary to charity ?   What do you think the biggest problem is concerning the Internet today ?  What evidence supports your plans to create jobs and lessen income inequality?  Tell us why we should trust you over the other candidate.  What are your plans on defeating ISIS?  What will you do in order to ensure women get a dollar to the man's dollar?  What is most important to you to achieve by the year 2020?   Why would you or would you not support school vouchers to improve education?  Do you feel that education and systematic racism are related? Why or why not?  What are your plans on defeating ISIS?  Who would advise your adminstration on K-12 education policy?  Do you agree with enforcement of civil asset forfeiture laws w/o due process ?   Do you think the F.B.I. needs to be reformed?  What's the biggest mistake you've ever made?  What are your thoughts on giving low income families free admission to college?  How will you heal America's social, political, and racial divide.   What, specifically, will you do to help older workers transition to a new job?  Last year I wrote a check to the IRS for $6100.  Was your check more or less?  What are you going to do to bring Space, Energy, & Virtual Reality Mainstream?  What trait do you admire most about the most recent President in the other party  What is your opinion about illegal immigrants ?   Why should I vote for you ?  What is the role of immigrants in our society?  Do you use Medicare?  What would you do if someone mishandles and is careless with classified info?  What is your plan for maintaining good and healthy foreign relations.   Would you pardon yourself if you committed a crime ?  Will you ensure the safety of future generations and implement a ban on Fracking  Have you read the constitution? can you name the 6 goals of the constitution    Do you believe that our alliance with the Saudis has contributed to terrorism?  Do you feel that the inscription on the Statue of Liberty still applies today?  What is your plan to protect Americans from the 3% that owns half of the guns?  Support change to the act to make it a crime for police to shoot unarmed person  Explain to all voters your direction and vision for the USA is you are elected  Why do you think you will be a good president?  Would you you legalize medicinal marijuana that helps against illness?  Do you feel the Veterans Administration healthcare system is adequately funded?  What is your plan to stop global warming?  Do you support any restrictions on abortion?  Will unacceptable impacts of climate change be avoided?  Will you take polygraph tests,having all results made public soon after?  Why do you support refugees coming in America?   Would you like to abolish electoral college or just improve it?   How do you feel about prisons using labor to benefit for-profit businesses?   Do you support stop and frisk in any state to any and all races?  Gang violence and crime in Chicago and other cities   How would you address disillusionment among legal U.S. Immigrants?  What is the best way to combat obesity in America in the next decade?  What actions would you take to decrease corruption in government?  Shouldn't religious freedom exempt religious people from paying abortion tax?  Do you believe Americans should be able to buy into Medicare before 65?  What would you do to make education and college more effective and affordable.   What is your plan for campaign finance reform for federal elections?    Will you reform Homeland   Security if elected ?  Do you support the U.S.Dept. of Education's power over state and local control?  Can you ensure a Supreme Court that is fair and will protect religious freedoms?  Do you support creating safe zones as well as a no-fly zone in Syria?  What will you do differently to unite our citizens and government officials?  What is your plan to combat obesity?  Will either  of you stop the torture  of animals here and in other countries   How will you insure the safety of our country's power grids?  What will you do to stop terrorism in our country  Describe the moment you first realized you would make a good US President?   What is your policy on the minimum wage?  Is it ok for foreign governments donating to a charity tied to elected officials  As President, how will you assure working parents their right to maternity leave  What do you think is most misunderstood about you, within the public or media?  Why can't we have student loan payments pre-taxed?   WHAT IS YOUR POSITION ON THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT  How will you combat homegrown terrorism through the internet and social media?  Why are we admitting refugees from terrorist supporting countries to the US?   What do you consider to be the biggest threat to American citizens ?   Why not let the voters of America choose who sits on the Supreme Court ?  What will you do to close the Medicare Part D "Doughnut Hole"  Will you honor the Paris Accords now that they have been placed into effect?  Who should get the available jobs: American citizens or foreign nationals?  Would you continue to release felon illegal aliens by the thousands?  Do you have a plan to eliminate gangs from our cities?  Do you eat GMO food? Why are you forcing us to?   How will you ensure a quality education for all children?  What is your stance on universal voting for all citizens 18 and above?  How can a 36,000/year income pay ObamaCare deductibles of 6-12,000 dollars.  Do you plan on privatizing Social Security?   What is the biggest crisis facing Americans today?  Is setting up a private server intent to obstruction of justice?  Is the local funding of public schools consistent with American values?  How will you ensure our taxes are spent efficiently?  What will you do about large corporations and there large influence in D.C?  Are some people "more equal" than others? Justify your opinion with facts.  How would you solve the problem of gun-smuggling in Chicago and other cities?   How would you reform the  excessive government spending?  Will you hold the EPA accountable for the Animus River toxic waste spill?  How would you put America and Americans first in your policies?  How do you plan to work constructively with all members of Congress?  With all the attacks and hatred against police what will you do to make it stop  Should healthcare offer women free feminine hygiene products and birth control?  How do you plan to deal with the Affordable Care Act that is currently in affect  How do you explain racism when you talk about it?  Lowering corp taxes when most don't pay much now will create jobs??  Explain the 13 specific duties of the President, according to the Constitution.  Obamacare -- Total Disaster  Can you help Americans feel more comfortable that you understand the issues?  Can you find Iran on a map?  What is your stance on drug testing and welfare?  What is your view on the CPD 15% cut-off for a candidate to be in a debate.  is it fair to prosecute other people for sloppy handling of secure information?  What will you do to uphold the civil liberties and rights of ALL people?  How will you restore the international reputation of the United States?  How will you keep jobs in the U.S without sacrificing corporate tax revenue?  Are you Pro Life or Pro Choice?  If you are elected President, what will you do to protect religious freedoms?   What law(s) would you repeal if you become president ?  Do you support forcing schools to allow transgender boys into girls showers?  Will you support repealing the bankruptcy bill of 2005?  Please describe how your families foundations have helped the World?  Do you believe in climate change and what you do plan to do about it?    Do you support late term abortion's ?  r u going to repeal the baby anchor law for illegals.it should be repealed  How would you prevent obstructionism by Congress by the opposite party?  Do you feel that immigrants benefit the economy?  Why can't we limit bills to one subject and a maximum amount of verbiage  Was Pres Obama's Executive Power to grant illegal aliens work permits legal?  What does your religious faith mean to you personally?  Does the first amendment guarantee freedom FROM religion?:  How will you pass an anti-lobbying bill when Congress is actively being lobbied?  How will you fix our broken food system & cut Big Agra's control on food policy?  What have you ever done that benefitted others and not you personally?  What will you do to address the deliberate delay of appointments by both parties  Can you name five cities in Syria?  Do you support defunding/cutting the $1.5 billion refugee resettlement program?   Will you commit to a ban on appointing your largest campaign contributors?  How will you address parents' fear of not having enough money to raise children?  Do Atheists have a place in your America?  Would either candidate support not to accept money from anyone for favors?  Our Constitution says freedom of religion. How will you protect this?  Is America spending 48% of the world's defense spending is sustainable in 2016?  How do you plan to work with Congress to accomplish anything?  When will you reverse legal and illegal immigration.  Why are we spending so much money on foreign policy when we have so much strife.  Are you able to acknowledge your own white privilege?   How, specifically, will you negotiate the rise of China as a world power?  What would you to do to reverse the defunding of public education at all levels?  Do you support more funding for schools and less on prisions?  When do you think we should make Puerto Rico the 51st state?  How do you plan to re-eaducate the work force with future technologies ?   How will you address the looming disaster that is funding for Social Security?  Will you refrain from using a UN Security Council veto in favor of Palestine?    Should government employees be forced to serve one year with a min. wage salary?  What would you do to get the homeless off the streets?   What is your stand on transgender bathrooms ?  What should be done to increase the privacy protections for US citizens?  if lawmakers fail to pass a budget,  why should they  receive a salary ?  If you could alter the Constitution in any way, what would you change?  What are you planning to do about education in impoverish/intercity schools?  How will you support reproductive rights established by the Supreme Court?  State specifically what federal programs you would cut to balance the budget.  How do you intend to uphold equal rights for all people?   What would you do to alleviate the financial burden of higher education?  How will you support Research and Education in this Country?  Can you identify the NATO alliance?  Do you believe income inequality harms economic growth?  Isn't "Pay for play" while representing USA corrupt and illegal?  What do you plan to do about the steel mills and their workers of our nation?  What concrete measure would your administration take to stop tax evasion?  Do you support Campaign Zero's platform for ending police violence?  Larger cities have been run by Democrats for years. How will you change things?  What would you cut from the federal budget to balance it?    What would you about co's firing large #s of US citizens then hiring foreigners?  What role do you believe science should play in our society?  What would you do to improve the state of inner city neighborhoods unemployment  Are you going to get rid of the H1B visa program that takes away US jobs.  Do you support drug testing for every Fed employee, and would both submit now?   Why allow thousands of refugees into our Country?  Do you intend to repay the trillions of dollars the govt has taken from Soc Sec?  If TPP is signed by the President, how  will you repeal this agreement?   Should the US President have foreign business ties?  Do you have any ties?  Do you support increasing federal funding for the arts?  Should we allow any payment for any hostages without congress approval?  How would you reform the K-12 education system?  Would you consider raising or removing the cap to save Social Security?  Why should Americans support the selling off of park lands to for profits?  What will you do to ensure equal access to high-quality public K12 education?  How will your policies protect and expand the middle class?  What qualifications will you require in a candidate for Supreme Court judge?   If you become President how would you fix our prison system?  How will you do to ensure that all elected officials are held accountable?   Do you support same-sex marriage ?  American's want solar and alternative power access to be more affordable  Would you close the loophole real estate developer tax losses?  What would be your initial action if you learned the US was under attack?  Should there be a punishment for destroying evidence prior to an investigation?  Do you support the idea of gvt officials not being allowed to take dble pension   Will you use executive orders to overrule congress, if so why?  How will you ensure that our unalienable right to free speech is preserved?  Should cities and states have the right to disregard federal laws?   If you become president what will you do about Guantnamo Bay ?  Will you radically address the coming climate crisis?  How will you stop the Rothschilds from exerting their will on our country  What would you do to reduce the amount of trash in the United States?    If you become President how would you fix our prison system?  Are you going to get money out of politics? If so, How are you going to do it?  How will you prevent mass shootings?  Should an unborn child have a legal right to life?  Should we stop giving financial aid to countries with bad human rights records?  Will you agree to release your complete medical history to a panel of independen  What specific VA reforms will you enact to ensure veterans receive the best care  What is your position on the TPP and NAFTA?   How can you protect rights of people of different religions and nationalities?   What exactly, Is your opinion of the 2nd Amendment of the Constitution  Will you support "discrete topic" legislation & end omnibus spending bills?  What will you do to close the gender pay gap?  What are you going to do to remove Sharia Law from being taught in our schools?  What is your position on Saudia Arabia's abuses of women and there rights.  Do you support reducing immigration for a sustainable future?  Is it ethical to accept donations from countries that abuse women & LGBTs?  How are you going Honor the Treaties signed between Sovereign Native Nations?  How would you reform the Veterans Administration?  What, specifically, will you do to further and protect American women's rights?  Should government salaries be reduced and/or a maximum amount set?  What is your stance on the issue of global warming in the U.S.A.?  Do you believe that it is necessary for Americans to give up some of their ...  Where do you stand on the future of fracking and pipelines in the US?   How do you plan to deal with the corruption and bribery in U.S. politics?  Do you believe the debates unfairly shut out third party candidates?  What would you do to increase employment in the US?  Will you enforce the H1B1 program rules and bring back American tech jobs?  Should Medicare be allowed to negotiate prescription drug prices?  Who are the strict gun control laws restricting? Citizens or criminals?  What is your opinion of negative interest rates and banning physical cash?  Would you hold public officials accountable for their actions?  What are your views on the Federal Reserve and monetary policy?  With all of the $ raised/donated to Haiti, why are they still in such bad shape  What can you do to encourage support for American science education and research   Should assisted suicide  become legal in all 50 states?  Why or why not?  What areas of American life should be untouched by the Federal Government?  Should billionaires like George Soros be able to affect policy?  What will you do to counteract rape culture & protect women on college campuses?  Do you support citizen-funded elections, through a public voucher program?  Will you pardon Edward Snowden and peel back the unconstitutional NSA spying?  Should the U.S. permit transfer of MANPADS to Syrian insurgents?  What are your plans for high speed rail?  Social Security Funding  What do you plan to do to increase access to affordable mental healthcare?  How do you respond to criticism that the two-party system is irreparably broken?  For whom are we responsible?  Will your administration promote sustainable sources of energy? How?  Is it acceptable for the Fed Gov support Sanctuary Cities that harbor felons?  How will you ensure that the privacy of law-abiding citizens are protected?  What is your position on the role of science/science education in our society?  Will you acknowledge the respected science against fracking?  Where do you stand with regard to protecting our national parks?  Over 2M sig. have been collected to ban Glyphosate. How will you support this?  How will you raise awareness/fight mental illness in America?  Do you support subsidies for Electric Vehicles (EVs) and EV infrastructure?  What is the guiding principle of your life, with examples?  Why were devices used to access an illegal email server destroyed with a hammer?  If smart people don't pay federal taxes who should pay for federal services?  Should the U.S. keep arming Honduras amid human rights abuses?  Should US groups that back Israeli settlements in West Bank be tax-exempt?  Should the U.S. continue to arm Saudi Arabia's war in Yemen?   What legislation do you support to further rein in the big banks?  How will you support and help family caregivers?  With Cybersecurity issues rising how do you plan to secure the USA from hackers?  How would you handle sexual assault, rape and other sexual harassment cases?   Lobbyists control our government's votes, how do we eliminate that?  Does the President need approval from Congress to bomb the Syrian Air Force?  What would your policies do to stem terrorist acts in the United States?  How will you address the threat of climate change?  What will you do to keep American jobs from being outsourced to foreign nations?  What are your specific plans to reduce or stop the epidemic of mass shootings?  Where do you stand on Women's health and Planned Parenthood?  Will you campaign against TPP in lame duck session of Congress after election?  How does encouraging unskilled immigration actually benefit minority Americans?  Do you support a single payer health program, aka improved Medicare for all?  What will you do to protect the rights of Native Americans and their land?  How do you plan to make healthcare affordable for EVERYONE? 
Will you help  jobless/low wage workers who lack updated skills 4 2days jobs?   Since Congress "serves" this nation shouldn't they go to the VA for health care?  What right does US have interfering in the affairs of Syria a sovereign nation  Can you name the current prime minister of Canada?  How will you ensure the graceful decline of our country in the face of peak oil?  What would you do to make sure that women have equal pay?  Would you be willing to strip United Technol of their defense contracts and why?  What is your stance on the DOL's OVERTIME RULE and it's effective date of 12/1?  What specific loopholes would you work to close in the tax code?  Wikileaks posted the sale of Uranium One which gave Russia control of US uranim  Long-term unemployed need a boost; Do you support programs to hire them 1st?   What would you do to reduce tensions in South Asia?   How do you plan to control  cigarette smoking epidemic?  Can you explain how higher taxes help grow business?  How would you close the income gap between the highest and lowest paid earners?   How do each of you plan to bring jobs back to the U.S.  Is it reasonable for the American people to expect honesty from our politicians?  Do you promise you won't use office to punish/shame/drown competing views?  What role does ideology play in the recruiting strategy of ISIS?   Will you allow internationals who got PhD/MD/MS from the US to get jobs easily?  How important is it to you to make a difference in one life verses all people?  What do you respect most about women?  What will you do to protect our nation's children from Conversion Therapy?  Are any Presidential candidate above the law?  Given your actions and comments have you displayed Christian values?  Do you think it's ok to have one policy for the public, & privately another?  Which components of your tax plan will effect your personal federal taxes?  How will you feel about being elected president knowing the majority of American  Would you outlaw the so called 'Gun Free Zones?'  How would you unite a nation deeply divided because of political correctness?  Would you support mandatory physical & cognitive exams at the primary level?  What are your plans for building infrastructure in Afghanistan?    what are your plans to protect our climate & pollution to our air, soil, water  Did you work with Mexico to reduce illegal imigration? How hard? How effective?  What is your position about the reproductive rights of men?    when and how will you get the parents back involved with the education of their   How can and/or will you change the perception of government?  What do you think your opponent's greatest asset as a president would be?  What is your definition or vision of the term "leader"?  would you support "truth in advertising legislation" for the mass media?  How would you assure millions working for the minimum wage finally get a raise?  Why is it so hard for combat vet to get service connected for ptsd  What will you do to reverse companies cutting workers hours to part time   What are the two most Presidential personal characteristics of your opponent?  Would you, as the president, make marijuana legal? If so, in which way?  Tell me what you think about the U.S. government arming foreign fighters.  Justify giving immigrants over$17,000 when most SSA recipients don't get that?  How do you plan on fighting terrorism here and abroad, And antiamerican rhetoric  Should The President of United States be required to have military service?  Why should taxpayers be forced to fund the killing of innocent human life?  How will you address corporate greed and corruption?  Should candidates under federal investigation be allowed to run for any office?  Have you ever been accused of rape and had a court case filed against you?!    How would you handle so called sanctuary cities?  How will you bridge the gap in our trust in Police and the Judicial system?  What will the quality of a free college education be?  Why is our supposed "national debt" not considered private savings accounts?  Would you consider the idea of a flat tax rate for everyone across the board  Do you believe that you would be susceptible to PTSD if you were a veteran?  Given the unpopularity of both candidates why shouldn't I vote for a third party  who creates jobs politicians/lawyers or businessmen?  Is it okay to receive money while in elected government position?  Give a quick overview of your proposed tax  What would have happened if we kept our troops in Iraq and took their oil?  How would you suggest the election process be briefer, cheaper, and uniform?   Would you support limit terms for congress?  How will your administration react to Israeli construction of settlements?  How will you bring broadband internet to ALL Americans?  What does the inscription on the Statue of Liberty mean to you?  Can US realize it's economic potential w/o stopping the flow of illegal drugs  How do you plan on rebuilding our military and making us more advanced?  When will the government sue the fraudulent climate change scientists?  Does drug abuse and addiction directly correlate to economic decline?    Do you support proposed FDA regulations on electronic cigarettes?  Why should the American public vote for you? What makes you the best choice?  why does your party work to keep 3rd parties from participating in these debates  What is your vision for NASA and resurrecting the shuttle program?  What percentage of a persons income would be their fair share?   How can we protect consumers without interfering with the free market?  what kind of justices will you appoint to the surpreme court ?  Should one of you be disqualified if you have the support of Islamis Extremists?  Can you ensur that you are not going to drag us into another war in The MidEast?  Do you feel that BLM is a domestic terror group? What can be done about it?  Should a President's immediate family also be held to the same standard?    Do most of illegal drugs come from mexico and its not racist to say so?  If you become a president, will you keep Obama Care or change it?  What Are the Differences Between Sunni and Shiite Muslims?  Will you support a tax on financial transactions?  Your tax plan  If elected, what will you do to win the trust of those who didn't vote for you?  What is worse losing $900 million of your own money, or $6 billion of tax money  Do you promise to protect our savings in the event of a financial collapse?  How many people have you employed ,jobs created, paychecks signed?  Will you ban animal testing?  What programs do you currently support that highlight equal rights?  How does "stop and frisk" build relationships in the community?  Will you put more boots on the ground to defeat ISIS.  Who is better at utilizing capital, (money), government or businesses?   What will you do to support religious freedom?  I believe abortion is murder. Will you defund planned parenthood?  Do you believe in evolution?  Will you continue to release Gitmo Prisoners? Why or why not?  Should the US force its president to stand before Congress and answer questions?  As President would you ever intentionally mislead a Congressional inquiry  What is the best thing a voter can do to wade through campaign misinformation?  Besides the 15 %, why is Gary Johnson kept out of the debates.  Why have so many Obamacare co-ops failed?  Do you believe the government knows what is best for us more than we do?  How are you going to remove psychopaths from leadership positions?  What makes you a trustworthy presidential candidate?  How do you envision a united sense of community at a national scale?  Will you ease environment regulations to return jobs to the country?  How can POTUS strengthen parental rights under IDEA vs. public school funding?  How will you lower the national debt?  How should voters respond to independent fact-checkers, such as politifact?  Are you ready and willing to destroy the source of illegal drugs, the Mexican ca  will you address black bigotry towards whites  do you think there should be term limits for all elected offices.  Do you believe debate moderators should fact-check during debates?  What would you do as president in order to get big money out of elections?  What role should facts play in elections and society in general?  What will you do to shorten the Green card wait for people from India?  What will you do to help the rising rates of single parenthood in America?  Who is your favorite former President?  Will listen to the people's opinion about keeping Kratom Legal?   Does losing a billion dollars make you a genius businessman?  Will the Court justices you nominate uphold the Constitution as it is written?  Competition  Do you support banning an entire religion from entering the country?  How do you plan to slow down terrorism..  Do you support an amendment to void trade provisions that violates sovereignty?  Would you ban employers from getting prospective employees credit report?  Do you have a plan to help reduce student loan debt?  Rolling back interest.  Do you believe teachers are payed enough?  Will you work to decriminalize Drugs, stop imprisoning ill /addicted people?  Why is it in our interest to reduce the Federal deficit?  Where do you stand on medical and recreational marijuana legalization?  Explain what the Dodd Frank bill is. Do you support it or not and why?  Is apologizing  sign of weakness or strength?  Why shouldn't the American people want you to be their next president?  Why do you think so many voters either don't like or don't trust you?  How might you try to reverse the moral decline beginning in the public schools  What is your plan to keep America safe amid so many threats to world peace?  How will you ensure access to college for as many Americans as possible?  In terms of tax policy,what income level classifies a family as "wealthy"?   Honesty & Trustworthiness  What are the 3 biggest threats our country currently faces from outside forces?  Why are you both afraid to debate Gary Johnson?   As a science teacher, I constantly work with my students to use evidence  Campaign Rules  What will you do to prevent the ethnic cleansing of Blacks by illegals?  Would you require drug tests and background checks for people on welfare?  What is your stance on America and it's relations with other world leaders?   How do you know raising the minimum wage will be good for employees overall?  would you agree to be hooked up,to a lie deticetor?   Shoukd  the Freedom of Information Act should be strengthened or repealed?   Thoughts on the lack of civil rights for woman in places such as Saudi Arabia?  Should policies be focused on recovering lost industries, or develop new ones?  What actions would you take to ensure that these citizens have a vote in DC?  What steps can/will be taken to control the cost of medications.  Will you pledge not to use nuclear weapons unless the US is attacked with them?  Do you support the decision to exclude other candidates from tonight's debates?  What is your stance on labor unions?  Do entitlement programs or the wealthy using loopholes damage the economy more?  How will you reduce and end the obscene amount of money this government wastes?  How will you fix obamacare  Should it be required for Presidents to pass a health screen by an impartial Dr?  Will you end the failed drug war?  If people can buy guns legally, why are they on the no fly list?  Why US companies do not want to hire US IT worker. Why they bring people on H/L   If Obamacare is good enough for the people, will you, as President, use it?  How will you address the downward wage pressure created by automation?  Will you support overturning Citizens' United?  When is SS And SSI is going to raise,For People live on??  Would you support making it illegal for govt employees to use personal email?  What are your thoughts on the Common Core? How will you help teachers?  Would you protect our Constitution and recind The Patriot Act and NDAA  What will you do on day one in office?  How many people have you employed ,jobs created, paychecks signed?  Will you support an Article V Convention of States?  What percentage of a persons income would be their fair share?  What do you plan to do about Black violence?   How will you deal  with American Indian poverty?  Highest rate of any race group  If you are elected our president how will you impact our children positively?    Is American politics salvageable given the intractability of Congress?  Steps you will take to make America Energy Independent.  Do you support laws for "crystal-clear transparency" for all govt candidates?  Why are victims of crime, victimized by the government meant to protect them?  What is your vision for healthcare going forward?  Would you help pass the Audit the Pentagon Act of 2015 bill, HR 942?  What are your thoughts on the coal industry?  Will you use nuclear weapons when you get angry w/ other countries?  Would you support a $15 minimum wage?  How will you bring jobs back to this country from Mexico and Asia?  What action would you take against bank executives who defraud their customers?  Not what you are going to do but, how are you going to implement your agenda.  Would you veto a bill that "privatized" Social Security?  Do you support the Trans-Pacific Partnership?  How will you address the drug epidemic so much of our country is facing?  Would you be hostile to religious freedom and religious groups?  What plan do you have to prevent Radical Islamic domestic terrorism?  How would you adress the lack of good paying jobs in low income urban areas?  If strict gun laws will reduce crime and make us safe, why is Chicago dangerous?  Will you work to repel the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965?  Would you appeal to President Obama to not push for a lame-duck TPP vote?  How do you plan to replace manufacturing jobs permanently lost to automation?  Exactly what does the GOP stand to gain by cutting Social Security benefits?  Do you believe the increase in single-parent homes has hurt the middle class?  Are you aware of all the crimes and problems caused by refugees in Europe?    Should the citizenship of the 800+ immigrants given by mistake be revoked?   What would you do to clean up the corruption in the federal government?  Should all the presidential candidates be present at the debates?  Why do you WANT to admit illegal immigrants.  Or, why do you NOT want to?  How will the federal government crack down on domestic human trafficking?  how are you going to ensure women get equal recognition for equal work?  Will you approve medical marijuana for service members suffering from PTSD?  Civil rights of the unborn  How will you ensure that immigrants only enter this country legally?  The National Toxicology Program and Wireless Radiation  Will you actively support the Equal Rights Amendment?  What is your plan for addressing the teacher shortage our country is facing?  Do you think we should relinquish SOME freedoms to the UN in order to be safer?  Will you honor the US's treaties with sovereign Native American nations?  How will you help the low income seniors & disabled that are on Social Security?  What will you do to promote the advantages of vocational/trade schools  If elected, what will you do to unite our country and serve all the people?  Will you pledge to veto any bill cutting benefits to social security or medicare  What exactly are you proposing for a healthcare program?  Should congress benefits be reduced, and lifetime pay abolished?  What role should fact-checking play during the election process and beyond?  What would you do to close loopholes in current gun laws?  How would you reverse and reduce the ever increasing national debt? 
How will lowering taxes reduce the federal debt?  Military Financial Waste  Should your supporters vote for candidates from your own party that attack you?  Why is college so important.  What are some specific ways those in government can be held more accountable?  Are not past records important for a job of presidency?  Is it freedom of speech to make unconstitutional statements?  Do you believe it's better to do what's right or what works?  How would you stop forced organ harvesting from prisoners of conscience in China  In the light of General Mark Milley's threats to Russia, can you prevent WW III?  In view of Congress's opposition to your presidency, how will it be possible for  Are yout wearing an earpience to hear some during our discussions?  If yes, will  How does the # of Executive Orders  by Pres. Obama compare w/ other Presidents?  How many good immigrants do you think there are for every bad one focused on?  Is it justice to deport good man 16 yrs AFTER doing what many U.S. youth do now?  What if your political party occupied all positions of power in Washington?  How will you insure the Justice Department treats all American fairly?  Has the media harmed the voters?   What's more important: To protect free speech or to protect from discrimination?  How would you hold those who are receiving government assistance accountable?  If you are elected president, how will you reach out to the opposing Parties?  If you don't want jobs going to other countries, where are your products made?  Humility?  Without referring to your opponent in any way, why should you be President?  Is abortion legalized murder for the sake of the "living" person with a voice?  Is balancing the budget important to you?  when you're in office, if a war where to start how diligent would you be   How will the next president deal with the countries with nuclear production.  Would you be in favor of implementing a national sales tax such as the Fait Tax.  How can deported IA man w/ valid work permit return to his 4 U.S.- born kids ?    In the war on terror, what's the balance between freedom & security for us?  Is our govt & armed forces prepared for a war w/Russia over Syria?  What are your thoughts regarding the preservation of national parks?  Do you support harsher punishments for child abusers?  Do you support drug testing for the welfare system?  An incentive for the wealthy to reduce their taxes and poverty?  The Earth is over 4 billion years old. Hasn't there always been climate change?  Do you support making African Language classes available in all K-12 schools?  What do you plan to do on the growing number of police brutality?   What exactly are the expensive benefits given so freely to illegal immigrants?    Who has contributed the most to your campaign?  Why wasn't immigration a major Presidential campaign issue from 1965 to 2016?  What is the role of the Commander in Chief, President of the US?  Is a person's religion an important factor in who they are as a US citizen?   Why do people in power defend illegal activities over that which is legal?  Are Christian teachings in danger of becoming hate speech?  A way to take redistricting out of politician's hands?  what do you think of getting rid of wall street.  Do you support engaging our youth in lowering the Voting Age to 16?  What would you do to encourage sexual assault victims to come forward?  How do you plan on keeping peace with foreign nations and at home?  Why do we havea society where we can kneel for the flag but not pray in schools?  Whose Presidential policies are you closest to regarding enemy combatants?  Do you support requiring citizens to be vaccinated?   Who continues to arm & supply terrorists throughout the World?  As president, will you disarm our nuclear weapons for safety?  Should lawyers and IT people be granted immunity when destroying evidence?  The real answer to 'Citizen's United'?  How do you plan on helping Central America with its gang problem?  Is executive authority of the president too great? Too little? About right?   Do you have a plan to deal with competition over resources in the Arctic Ocean?  How can you stop violent Islamic uprisings in 3rd world countries ie New Zealand  Is the health of the president important and is mental health equally important?  Should the president of the United States have paid federal incomes taxes?  Would you transfer federal recreation lands to the states?   What are your views about the importance and sanctity of marriage?  How can you prove to the people you will come through with your promises?  How can we draw on the strengths of the American people to solve big problems?  Will you end the handout of tax subsidies to the agriculture industry?  Are gun rights, women's rights?  are you going to protect education for pre-schoolers?  Do you believe our national debt is an unsustainable burden near and long term?  If you fail to make good on your campaign promises will you resign.  Mandatory Minimum Sentences  Would you support a non-partisan, independent election commission?  How will you ensure that voters have more influence on policy than corporations?  What will you do to lessen  military involvement and move toward peace?  Would you continue to fund Islamist groups in the ME to aid their rebellions?  How do you reverse current trend of reduced disposable income of Avg. Americans.  Will U appoint anyone to your staff who has plead the 5th or received immunity?  How are immigrants so called "stealing jobs" when they won't do them?  How are you going to deal with ISIS?  Nuclear weapons are an existential threat. How will you reduce this threat?  What would you do to significantly reduce the cost of health care?  What is your view of U.S./Russia relations? Will this change if you are elected?  What will you do to prevent toxins in  our food, air, and water?  how do you end the new slavery of millions of prison inmates by big corporations  why would a wall  keep illegals out. As long as we give them a free ride here?  WHY do you want to be the president? I mean, really? What is your primary goal  Why is circumcision on females illegal, but circumcision on males is not?   You both seem overly concerned about the 2nd Amendment, but what about the 4th?  will you expand Obamacare and try and improve it? we all need insurance.  What is your plan to unite and effectively govern our deeply divided country?  Which should the government favor: pharma firms and investors or patients?  Why can't we accept current research to allow for legalization of Marijuana?  How will you implement a better/more comprehensive sexual education program?  Do you believe that women have/ should have the same inalienable as men?    What is your stance on expanded stem cell research?  If elected President, how will your admin/agenda differ from Pres Obama's?  What are 2 things you are going to do about health insurance & healthcare cost?  Give a good reason why the U.S Government shouldn't print its own currency  How would you provide funds for building and fixing roads and bridges?  Do you understand the meaning of the term "illegal alien?"  If elected, would you support intiatives to legalize recreational cannabis?  How will you ensure all women's Constitutional right to terminate pregnancies?  Do Black Lives Matter?  How will you assure that their rights are protected?  As a middle class citizen, what would happen to my paycheck if you were elected?  How would you improve the current childcare system in the U.S?  As president, would you stop states from legalizing marijuana?   How will you close tax loopholes for the very wealthy? 
why are we giving money to nations that  hate us instead of helping our own     What are your plans to improve our education system?  As an American living & working abroad, what will you do to ensure our safety?  How will you minimize economic fallout when the Silicon Valley bubble bursts?  What are you plans for improving Health Insurance and Health Care System.  Plans involve hundreds of pages regular folks don't have time to read. Do you?  Do u feel as a Nation we have lost our way and how do u plan on getting us back?  Was Bill Clinton fit for the presidency? Should he have resigned from office?  How can u fix double taxing, cars, house etc.   Specifically, What religious beliefs will you force people of faith to change?   Does it matter what other world leaders and their people think of the US?  What will you do to keep the government out of churches?  How will you deal with Congressional and  partisanship   What would you do to omprove GDP growth.  What is your plan to reverse the growing Maternal Death rate in the US?  What does your current campaign and eventual presidency offer the millennial vot  Why is being a Millionaire/Billionaire a bad thing? Aren't each one of you one?  How would you work provide equal educational opportunities for those in poverty?  How are you willing to fix America ? Alone or united with America (The people) ?  Should Presidential debates include everyone electable in 20 or more states?  What about your opponent's character do you admire that children should emulate?  Why does everyone go against the 2nd amendment?   What do you feel about today's national media?  Do you know what the IRS definition is for a "small" business ?  Has the US Dollar outlives its role as world reserve currency?  What do you plan to do if congress doesn't do it's job and shuts down the gov't?  What have you done personally in your past to create jobs for American citizens?  Name one thing that your opponent has proposed that you can support.  How do you respond to suggestions your running mate is more presidential?  What role will your spouse play in the administration?  How will you help overcome America's debt while maintaining the military force?  What is your stance on mental illness and the right to bare arms?  What will you do to help push nurse practitioners to independent practice?  One way or another, politicians are "bought and paid for." Whom do you owe?  How will your foreign policy initiative combat and destroy ISIS?  How do tax breaks for the wealthy and businesses increase job growth?  There is always a lot of conversation about the lower and upper classes of our c  How will you reduce the divide in government, will you tow the party line?  What are you going to do about budget cut on education?  Should evading taxes be allowed?  Do you believe in term limits?   Rhe economy can't be fixed without a sound dollar, how will you fix it?  What are your guys plans for ISIS?  Deportation  What are your beliefs in regards to domestic surveillance in relation to privacy  What will you do about the rising increase in Alzheimer care   How did the Russians end up with 1/5 the U.S. Uranium and did any who profited?  We lose 22 veterans a day to suicide. How will you help veterans ?  Is it the wealthy or the middle class that are the job creators?  Both candidates support people on a no fly list to not be able to buy a gun.  Should Social Security require a minimum number of years worked for benefits?  What will you to end Human Trafficking in the United States?  Do nations have the right to impose import tariffs for protecting jobs?  In the past exactly how many jobs have your supported policies created?  How would you explain to my daughter she is beautiful no matter how she looks?  What would you do to bring back respect and honesty to the F.B.I. and the DOJ?  How will you change cities that have many abandoned buildings   What will you do to increase wages, decrease our nations debt and provide jobs?  Will you support a balanced budget amendment to the constitution?  As president, how do you plan to eliminate the fear of police/police brutality?   Do you have a criminal record, including fines, and if so what for?  What would you do to fix public education system's budgets?  Would you as president make clear regulations on fracking and natural gas wells?  Why should we believe you won't pick and choose which laws to enforce?  As a candidate, on the question of the deficit and spending.  Define US Debt and what are your plans to reduce it if you are elected President  Why are American citizens being forced to buy consumer products?  How will you ensure the integrity of this election?  Do you believe the two party system will continue to dominate American politics?  Will you choose to keep standardized testing for students?  Will you close tax loopholes that allow special treatment of real estate losses?  How much will our GDP grow by lowering taxes and simplifying the tax code?  Will you push for a Nation Under God, or a Nation Without God?  What are your thoughts on corporate personhood?  Will you end federal funding of embryonic stem cell research?  Do You support Laws breaking the Monopoly held by the 2-Party System in the U.S?  How will you define mentally ill if you use it to determine who can buy guns?  What is wrong with Obamacare and how would you make it better?  What will you do to ensure vets get healthcare if VA does not schedule an appoin  Contributions from foreign governments  How will you help students transition to work with financial stability?  How will you help increase the amount of jobs in America?  What will you do for the lower class?  The cost of medical care is a disincentive to seek care. How will you change it?  Do you support congressand political appointments from being employed by lobbie.  Do you believe a trickle down economy will be beneficial for the US?  How much do you plan on taxing the upper class  How will you keep guns away from people who shouldn't have them?  What will you do to make sure women are payed fairly?  Do you support gay marriages?  What should be done to improve health insurance coverage for Americans?  What is your current stance on Common Core and how can US become #1 academically  Will you do something to terminate the power unelected bureocrats wield  Is bipartisanship dead? Who on the other side of the isle would you work with?   We are nearly $20T in debt, what will you do to reduce size & scope of govt?  What tax restructuring do you plan for in order to pay for "free college?"   Are you open to a complete overhaul of the way health care is delivered in US?  What is your stance on Executive Orders?  Do you believe our diplomats overseas should be protected?  How would you describe your association with sex offender Jeffrey Epstein?  If elected president, will you commit to increasing funding for NASA ?  Do you have any ideas as to how to make our education better?   What is your specific plan to prevent assault weapon sales to civilians?  What will you do to prevent further terrorist attacks in America?  What will you do for healthcare providers to sustain and meet govt mandates.  What is your position on the Dakota pipeline,and how would you fix it?    What will you do to support public  education in this country?   How can you justify the comments recently made about avoiding income tax?  Should the FBI be held accountable for their political biases?  It cost $74,000.00 to bring just one syrian immigrant to the US.  How would you fix the VA to better serve our many vets?  Will both candidates undergo a complete medical exam by neutral doctors ?  Why do politicians need an entire month off over Christmas and new years?   What are you going to do about sanctuary cities and illegal immigrant criminals?  Should the practice of usury be abolished?    What is your plan to secure our borders and protect us from terrorists (ISIS)?  Should we reduce legal immigration by 90% in order to stabilize U.S. population?  Should the 14th amendment be changed to eliminate the  'born on soil' issue? 
What specifically would you do to revise the Affordable Care Act?  Should we check American citizenship for voting?  When Is English going to be the official language in the U.S.?  How does campaign rhetoric influence our standing with other countries?  Would you support tax breaks for companies that limit top salaries?  Do you feel that it is racist to ask a presidential cand to prove citizenship  Do you favor privatizing social security?  What are you going to do to improve education for all students.  What would you do to improve the missile defense system?  If you raise the minimum wage can you guarantee the cost of living will not go u  Will you support a constitutional amendment that says life begins at conception  Will you support National SINGLE-PAYER Health Insurance for all Americans?  The US was built by immigration.  How can we keep this "beacon of freedom" lit?   Have you ever utilized a private email server?  Name 3 things about your opponent that should concern voters.  As President, what would you do to unite America?  What is your plan to pass your legislative agenda through Congress?  Please speak about your religious background and it's importance to you and our   Are we doing enough to help refugees fleeing for their lives from Syria?  What will you do with your personal wealth if you are elected president?  Why is fiscal stimulus needed just 7 yrs after the $800 billion ARRA of 2009?  How will you improve the country without spending money?  If your running mate had to assume the role of President, is he fit for the job?  Will you help mobilize states to force Congress to propose a balanced budget?  Please explain how you would  remove yourself from all business interests.  As President, what will you do to encourage Congress to work together?  Why aren't the day care proposals being instituted now since both parties agree?  What will you do to make small business funding available for everyone?  Will you support an independent investigation/manual vote recount if necessary?   What would you do to keep un out of our affairs ?  How would you fix welfare so more fathers are involved with their children  Will you give taxpayer money to foreign countries instead of using the money at   Do you think stricter gun laws will stop criminals from  acquiring guns   Do you think ALL voters should show picture identification, if not WHY?   Do you support Labor Union's.  Do you support women being required to register for the selective service?   Should the burning of or stomping on the American Flag be unconstitutional?  How will you limit the role of "Big Money" in government?  What ethical line would you not cross even if it meant losing this election?  Provide one example of how the use of a private server harmed/disrupted the US.    Is our government broken?  How will you reform the for-profit prison industry?  Will you revisit the way NON-violent sex offenders are treated?   If social security is in trouble than why do illegals get it?  Do immigrants boost or weaken an economy that is already crippled? Why?  How can I hear all responses without interruption by opposing parties.  Obamacare: Women have tubal ligations. Men, no vasectomies. Is this sexist?  Do environmental regulations in the U.S. affect global climate change?  What will you do to get America back to what we were based upon?   Should the Central Park 5 be pursuing damages claims against New York State?  What will you do to ensure that the US education is competitive  What are your views on free basic education versus free basic healthcare?  Will you strengthen subpoena power to congress and senate investigations  Tax Plan for individuals & businesses   How will you get money out of politics, given how it's benefitted you?  What are two policies of your rivals in which you agree? Why?  Why are you the best candidate to unite the country?  How will you ensure non-discrimination of patients with preexisting conditions?  Why should you be trusted w/ taxpayers money & what tax returns can tell us?  Name 3 things about America that Americans can be proud of and why.  If attacked conventionally America should respond with a nuclear attack?  What would you do to get rid of the Adverse Effect Wage Rate?  No one is perfect and both have made mistakes.  Are you willing to apologize?  How does your religious back ground effect your decision making?   How will you protect the middle class in the name of fixing the US budget crisis  Should voters have the ability to remove public servants that are corrupt?  What ethical values do you value and model for children and young people?  How does your familys foundation  differ from that of your opponent?  Will you make health care easier to obtain for those that miss the 90 day window  Do you think that health insurance companies should be able to "Doctor" us?  As president, would you clarify guidelines for the use of drone strikes?  How will you help end age discrimination against older job applicants?  why are federal employees exempted from Social Security.  How is that fair?  How will you help those with student loan debt from graduate degrees?  Do you support the legalization of drugs that could be benefitial like marijuana  If you were in Chicago at night would you prefer to have a gun or not?  Would you be willing to settle the syrian refugees in your own hometown?  What will you do to address the domestic terroristic actions of BLM?  Will you work to end the Patriot Act & stop out of control govt. surveillance?  How would you support academic research programs in the United States?  How do you feel towards women and their rights?   Do you support reforming and simplifying the Tax code and eliminating loopholes.  Should the DEA have authority to decide the status of drugs (like marijuana)?  Justify 65% inheritance tax.   Have you or your employees ever hired a lobbyist? Why? How much did you pay?  Do you have your own money in banks in foreign countries? If so, how much?     Would you support an annual  tax of 1% on individual wealth over $10 Million  What will you do to rebuild our military and strengthen our national defense?  Can you be specific in what your policies will be concerning the foreign policy?  What will you do to reduce the size of Government?  Polygraph for Presidential Candidates  What type of situation do you believe justifies U.S. intervention abroad?   Are we better off now then we were 8 years ago?  Should the Supreme Court's ruling on Civil Asset Forfeiture be overturned?  What plan do you have for the thousands of coal miners who have lost their jobs?  How will you tackle our allies spreading the ideology of wahhabism through ISIS?  Is there a right for others to enter the US freely and how do you screen them?  What is your full opinion on foreign dissidents such as wikileaks?  Do you believe it is appropriate to try domestic terrorists as enemy combatants?  If Charity starts at home, what is your plan to replace the stolen SS funds?  How do you plan to provide services for the aging population?  What actions would you take to reduce the incidence of hate crimes in America?  Obamacare: WHAT HAPPENED?  Does it need fixing?  Should we get rid of the DEA?  Do you support a job training to bury power lines & install solar/alt energy?  Do either of you have financial ties to Russian or Chinese banks/ governments?  What has your Foundation done in the last 10 years to advance or help humanity?  Will you stop allowing "sanctuary cities" to harbor criminals?  Do you support requiring an Identification card to vote?  f not Why?  How are you going to pull seniors out of poverty after working a lifetime ?  Would you support or eradicate the 2nd Amendment?  Would you ask for the resignation of FBI Director James Comey  Will you audit the Pentagon? ?  What role will science, including funding research, play in your administration?  How can you be for children and support abortion?  Keeping jobs in America, and bringing back companies that went overseas  What is your plan for protecting Trans* persons rights?  Should homeless and poor Americans receive federal aid before illegal immigrants  What will you do about Congressional bills giving away public lands and parks?  What specifically in your history have you done to improve the lives of women?  Will you support basic income for disabled people and/or family caregivers?  Should the media be held accountable for reporting false information?  How would you take on pharmaceutical companies to make prescriptions affordable? 
What are your plans for improving funds available to schools   How will you address the substance abuse epidemic?  Should Commander-In-Chiefs be held to the same standards as their military?  What would you say is your greatest weakness? How do you feel that affects the   Should a candidate be held responsible for past moral failures of family members  Is it a privilege or a right for We The People to drive the roads of our America  If the Merrick Garland nomination is unresolved, would you re-nominate him?  What would you say to your son if you found his actions promote rape culture?  What are you going to do to address the increase in natural disasters?   When will the Government stop touching Social Security and pay back the money?  Have you met with any victims of the flooding in and near Baton Rouge?  Should all presidential candidates have prior military service?  Do you believe that there is enough transparency between the government and the  How can a lifetime public servant run the US with zero business experience?  will U. S.government be for sale to the highest bidder as it has been.  What  specific characteristics will you project as a role model for our youth?  Why we couldn't build a superhighway system only for 18 wheelers trucks.    Will technology be a liability in your administration?  How would you prevent elections from being rigged.  If elected how would you change the budgeting for the military  The New Jim Crow  Should the government be the ones investigating government corruption or should   What do you plan to do to reduce federal influence over local school curriculums  Would you consider voluntarily serving only one term as president?  Are you in support of the continued influx of refugees from the Mid East?  Will you increase our military and strengthen it, if elected?  If not, why?  Do you think the Constitution is an outdated document and why?  Why were all GOP presidents anti-choice while their wives were pro-choice?  Since abortion is legal until the time of birth why is infanticide illegal?  How will you change & address the humanitarian issue in Aleppo?   What would you do in the case of NATO and our role in protecting those countries  How will you support choice when there is substantial risk of harm in vaccines?   What military operations should remain secret?  How would you stop suicide by authority as a civil right resulting in riots?  What do you say to the working class that is paying for the 35% on welfare?  How would You Protect the US Electrical grid from an EMP attack from Terrorist.  How will you bring back good paying jobs for unemployed middle class workers ?  Do you expect a Civil War against the government if your opponent wins?  Should presidential candidates take lie detector tests to be eligible   What speaks louder; words or deeds?  Are you brave enough to  risk losing votes from fossil fuel producing states?  How would you rate your integrity?  Please respond to Filipino Pres.Duterte's statement "happy to slaughter" addicts  Do you believe lying is ok?  I believe that voter fraud should have steeper legal ramifications, do you? Why   Do you feel that it is fair to the US Citizens to have to shoulder the complete   Should the fed drop interest rates lower are keep them the same.   How can we trust that the charitable foundations you both run are ethical?  Should the DHHS disband its patent on marijuana health benefits due to the DEA?  What is your plan to better the path to Legal Naturalization?   KISS (1)- Select (a) or (b)  Military funding?  (a) increase  (b) decrease    Shouldn't there be a cabinet member for education?  What is your plan?  What is the first thing you will do as president?  On your first 100 days do you plan on doing away with Obama care.  Are you planning on increasing spending on secondary education?  Should the DHHS disband its patent on marijuana health benefits due to the DEA?  Should the DHHS disband its patent on marijuana health benefits due to the DEA?  How are you going to stop Americans from joining terrorist groups like the ISIS?  Name one book, besides the Bible, that has influenced your life.  How do you feel about your opponent's supporters?  What is your plan to address the current state of the U.S. patent system?  How are you going to stop Americans from joining terrorist groups like the ISIS?  How will you help the American farmer.   How can you help teachers who have student loan debt ??  Why risk importing a terrorist by accepting refugees from Syria.  Will you criminalize the Black Live Matter movement for their riots.  What will you do to protect Riligious Liberty from government intrusion?  FBI & IRS lost credibility because of the 2008-2016 president, can you fix it?  What would you do to protect Religious liberty?  How will you ensure our U.S. embassies and personnel are kept safe?  What will you do when Iran nukes Israel because of the previous president?  Can we concede that most manufacturing jobs were lost due to technology?  How will you ensure every child has opportunity for quality education?  How will you raise the minimum wage   If elected will you walk the talk of a Christian nation or an Islamic nation?  What will you do to ensure freedom of speech will not be reduced or taken away?  Eliminating the IRS  Will you bypass congress & use executive orders to enact your campaign promises?  Do you believe racism is still an issue in 2016?    Cut all government wages, make them get on Social Sec. and Medicare,no separate   Should Obamacare be repaired or replaced?  What will you do to ensure that appointed Government personnel are qualified?  Should there be term limits for Members of Congress?   Running a business vs running the country: How are they similar and different?  If a U.S. embassy came under attack, what would your response be?  America cannot trust media ABC, CBS, CNN, NBC to tell the truth, can you fix it?  Are you for banning semi-automatic weapons, or just further background checks?  What  do you believe are the 3 most important responsibilities of the President.  The previous president doubled the debt, how will you cut the debt in half?  Is "stop and frisk" compatible with improving police/community relationships?  Would you get rid of  common Core.And what would you replace with and why.  What will you do to make sure national security secrets remain secure?  How will you prosecute the corruption within the FBI and IRS from 2008 to 2016?  How are you going to defend Muslim Americans from racial discrimination?   How will you ensure every child has opportunity for quality education?  Why is the overwhelming majority of this year's Debate Moderators Democrats?  How will you regulate big business without hurting small business growth?  Do you consider Black Lives Matter a terrorist organization?   Are honesty and integrity part of your decision to run for president?  The war on drugs is a major leg of systemic oppression. Why won't you end it?  Will you support a ban on hydraulic fracturing?  What will you do to help reduce the dangers posed by Islamophobia in the U.S.?  Should copies of  income tax forms be required from all presidential candidates  What will you do to protect top secret material in hands of government officials  Would you support a Constitutional Amendment to get Money out of Politics?  what would you do protect our Judeo Christian values that are under attack?  If elected, will you investigate the FBI, State Department and IRS for crimes? 
How will you recognize the Rights of Native Americans & Treaties ?   What's your idea of "Sustainable Community?"  Do you support a new modern Fairness Doctrine & limits on media consolidation?   How would you deal with an increasingly aggressive Russia.  Specifically, what beliefs of some of your opponent's supporters do you deplore?  Do you consider yourself more of a politician or a public servant.  Explain.    Contingency plans for oil, factorial, chemical, and nuclear contamination.  Politicians have often said   This is not who we are!    Question:  Who are we  What is the purpose of Government?  Do you agree with current regulations on bills up for vote?  Do you support affirmative action and for who?  Should all forms of sex work be decriminalized and practiced freely nationally?  What policies will you take to lower unemployment and get America working again?  In your opinion, which episode of _The Simpsons_ is the best?  Who is the Prime Minister of New Zealand?  How will you ensure transparency with goals and reestablish trust in government?  Do you support the death penalty for people who question your authority?  Does the Muslim ban include legendary singer/songwriter Richard Thompson?  Can you explain why YOU are not the real super predator?    Who is your most admired world leader and why?  Why do you think you are qualified to be President of the United States?  If paternity leave was established in the USA what would your opinion be?  How will help those still struggling with underwater mortgages.  Why do cities with the strictest gun control laws have the most gun crimes?   Should America reinstate the draft so more than 1% of us serve the nation?  What is the relationship between not breaking the law and being a good citizen?  Do you advocate starting a nuclear war with Russia or with any other country?  What world leader do you admire the most and why?  How will you provide quality early childhood education starting at birth?  What will the role of the first lady or first gentleman be if you are elected?  Specifically, how would you enable the SSA to negotiate drug prices?  How will you help bring peace to Afghanistan and victory in the War on Terror?  Do you have foundations outside U.S., if so, how is this money used and for whom  What would you do to prevent the sexual exploitation of women?  How will you keep our children safe?  Do you believe that all human beings have the right to life?  Would a return to the Draft contribute to better War-making decisions?  Do you believe that the media has been objective with 2016 election coverage?  How is your plan for the economy different from the Obama plan?  How will you address the conflicts of interest in government?    What is the one thing you would do to improve the quality of life for all people  As president, half of the country will despise you. How will you handle that?  Which aspect of the U.S. Constitution inspires you most?  Do you support Congress and Supreme Court in session 11 months per year?  Name two things you've done for others with no expectation of a favor in return.  What do you intend to do about the constant BLM riots?  Do you support eliminating the Social Security Pension offsets?  Why don't you make tax avoidance illegal?  How would you bring security, justice and peace equally to Palestine and Israel?  Do millionaires and billionaires need more tax cuts?  What charitable contributions have you personally made ? To whom & how much    Please explain your position of global warming (climate change).  Should it be legal to delete emails after receiving a congressional subpoena?  What would you do to prevent domestic terrorism?  Do you support Marijuana Legalization?  How will you stop businesses from moving jobs from the US to foreign countries?  What would you do to prevent lobbyism and corporations to run the country?  Do you consider the entire Islamic political ideology of Sharia law  "Radical"?   Why are politicians that break the law able to run for President? 
Who should be inside your advisors while campaigning?  Would you agree that you cannot create more jobs without borrowing more money?  As President, will you be able to keep the small businesses afloat?     Will you reform the community re-investment act, and re-visit glass steagall?  Would you support meaningful ballot and debate access for "3rd party" candidates  Are you brave enough to do the right thing  & take more Syrian refugees?  What would/can you do about Syria & is US military involvement a good idea?  National Health Care  Do you see Russia as a threat to the interests of the United States?  Personal vs. Private Behavior  As president would you create/pass laws banning business or religious candidates  How would you relate to and work with female world and US leaders?  What will you do as president to eliminate racism and discrimination?   What would it take for your administration to declare war on other countries?  What would you do to ensure the strengthening of civil rights and race relations  Reagan caused the nation to ignore facts, his child 'F' 'N' has caused ignorance  Should 'betrayed' political donors have recourse to the law for refunds?  If as Pres you were informed that there were extraterrestrials would you tell US  Would you agree that you cannot create more jobs without spending more money?  How will you reform the grow or die economy to a sustainable economy?  W/ Fentanyl killing so many is Heroin 'Prescribed & Supplied' a safer option?  As president of the USofA, what would you willing die for without hesitation?  How do you honor your God?  Under what circumstances is it justifiable for the government to initiate force?  Should creditors be repaid debts even if not legally required?  How do we fix travel visa fraud which helps illegal immigrants stay here?  Business Finances and/or Personal Finances versus the Nation's Finances...  How will u combat domestic terrorism of  white men shooting up communities?  Avg. citizens file bankruptcy and get destroyed rich do it and get richer How.    As President what will be your priority & plan for fighting climate change?  As President, what necessary measures would you need to take in order to out   Can millinials depend on social security benefits to add to thier retirment?      Would you reduce, increase, or maintain the current military budget?  Why was it necessary for this president to produce his birth certificate?  In 1929 eugenics was settled science; is  man made climate changed settled scien  Regulations protect our environment and health. Are these regulatory burdens?  Do you still agree with the answer you gave in the last debate about conceding?   Capitol punishment is horrendous and expensive. Why not Deep Hole Cell Therapy.  Will you use killer drone strikes which have killed thousands of civilians?  Do either of you support term limits in the legislative and judicial branch?  When will you abandon the failed Obamacare?  Would you investigate U.S. Government agencies that skewed climate change data?  Do you think there should be lower or higher taxes?  What will you do for the people who didn't vote for you?  How to budget the money saved legalizing marijuana and closing US bases abroad?  Will you shift the $1 trillion spent annually on defense to domestic priorities?  How will you secure the ability for Americans to earn a living wage?  Would you risk your a life if you saw a Daesh member grab the crotch of a woman  Corporations use the most infrastructure Their janitors pay higher taxrate, why?  What will you do to unify Americans?  How have you unified people previously?  What would you do if India & Pakistan are on the verge of a nuclear war?  Do you agree that the Federal Reserve creates money out of thin air?  How will you make the United States a leader in global fair trade?  What is your plan for people that can vote in a couple years?  Social security retirement age  What role did the Community Reinvestment Act play in the 2001 financial crisis?  If you were elected president and could only do one thing, what would that be?  What attributes qualify you to lead America to be better?  After the election will African Americans continue to see elected officials   Black lives are not valued in the US.  What will you do to change that?  Do you support partial birth abortion?  If so, under what circumstances?  Would you participate ina debate where your mic was on ONLY for your answer time  Should entertainment shows be allowed to use the word NEWS when fact rate <40%?  Would you support replacing the income tax with a wealth tax?  What can the government do to bring down exhorbitant medical costs in the US?   Explain why you are the best candidate to protect our national security assets.  Which countries are a priority for diplomatic relations & treaties?  What is your plan of action for Autism people who need to have a job?  Do you support partial birth abortion?  Gov't funding of Planned Parenthood?   How will you unify the country should you be elected president?  Will you super charge our technology sector by increasing nasa funding?   Should pres candidates be judged by same standard regardless of background?  y u support the h1b Hindu apartheid importing millions2take white collar jobs   Will support for reform of SSD, SSDI and SSI from the gov't and other agencies?  What's the difference between popularity of a democratic leader and a dictator?  Would you allow a Law that elected the president from 1 party and vice of other?  How will you address the low morale of the Federal workforce?   In saying very little, who's your allegiance to and how have/will you honor it?  Do you think where a person lives should account for taxes, welfare, etc.?  Do you think it is fair to fine half salary because of their household income?  Do you support the right to self determination of Balochistan?  How will you make the US #1 in Cyber Security?  What is your solution to  unemployment crisis from jobs lost to automation?  What will you do to improve relations between the US and Muslim Nations?   Will you keep Wall St. out of Government?  How will you repair the relationship between communities and their police?  If a US citizen develops a heartbeat must the Government protect him/her?  who is one foreign leaders you admire and why do you admire them?  The Highest Judiciary sets a precedent, should the President seek to subvert it?  What will you do to unite Washington and ultimately our country?  Would you annex sovereign Iraqi & Syrian territory to protect their oil fields?  Back or oppose the HHS binding arbitration bar in nursing homes .    Discuss the social and economic effects of the self-driving car.  Why should we import workers when so many Americans cannot find good jobs?   What is at the root of terrorism today?  As the leader of the free world would you be amenable to listening to the UN  Will you apologize to African Americans for this nations years of slavery?  If you could start from scratch, how would you structure healthcare?  How prevent the student loan bubble from starting the next recession  How do you respond to assaults on the integrity of our democratic process?  Exactly how will you enact reasonable gun control laws?  What will you do to insure that no child be threatened by racial injustice?  The electoral college is supplanted by modernvoting Will you legally support it?  Please tell the nation how you earned your wealth.  Can you give specifexamples of ways in which you have supported gender equality?  What will you do to support basic science during your tenure as President?   How does your economic plan support the fundamental concept of supply & demand?  Why should we trust a candidate who lies about climate change?  If elected, will you cut all unnecessary foreign aid and put America First?  What are your thoughts on the fact that immigration from Mexico is net zero?  How will you help lessen the burden of student debt?  How will you as president deal with past competing obligations and influences   Do you support freedom of choice in medical including vaccines.    What effect will increasing coal production have on the global environment?  Do you support e-verify?   How will you change the views of foreign Muslims toward the US and the west?  If you had to choose b/w protecting 1st or 2nd amendmnt rights, which one & why?  How will your trade strategy impact the avg cost of products sold at Walmart?  What is your incentive, or that of your supporters, to change the tax code?  Should documented workers with green cards be given welfare benefits?   Would you consider Edward Snowden a criminal?  Would you support an import tax on countries that don't meet US EPA guidelines?  What will you do to re-enact Glass-Steagall?  What will you do for those who oppose you?  What would you do to stop businesses from hiring undocumented workers?   Would you ever consider raising the pay of our military members?  Would you guard those who protect the ecosphere and promote sustainability?  What role would the Vice President play in your administration?  How will you ensure that child care fosters proper social-emotional development?  Will you commit to funding Child Development Accounts for all children?  What will you do to unleash the power of prevention in behavioral care?   What do you plan to do with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and why?   What can you do to ensure students and workers are safe from sexual assault?  What are the top 3 negative impacts if your opponent is elected? Response?  What will you do to protect American's rights and privacy in cyberspace?  US is behind many advanced nations on its infrastructures, what is yr proposal?  Millions of people in the US live in food deserts. How would you bring food in?  How would you deal with the Philippines and China's expanding influence there?  Was the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson Missouri legitimate police action   Will you help with finding the underlying reason/cure for autoimmune diseases?  Should the CIA drone operations in Pakistan and Libya remain TS/SAP?  Would you support reduced tax rate to bring in offshore corporate money?  How will you ensure that all Americans can participate in technology?  What would you do about the Muslim Brotherhood in the US?  What percentage of Administration costs are acceptable for a charity?  Would you veto bill S.2979, the Presidential Tax Transparency Act?  Why did the FBI arrest Harold Martin for mishandling classified information?  2    You think it is fair that we are mandated to have health care but not a job?    You think it is fare that we are mandated to have health care but not a job?  How will you protect me from being harmed by citizens legally carrying arms?  Will you use a blind trust to run your foundation and businesses?  What's your definition of a marriage and how it affects you as a personally?  Will you close the tax loophole(s) used by extremely wealthy people?  What would you do to get money out of elections?  Would you restore the pledge of allegiance to it's original socialist form?  What would you do to increase racial, cultural and economic diversity in schools  What parts of your agenda can you accomplish w/o Congressional support?  What are your plans regarding an aging federal workforce?  How would your proposed tax plan affect your own personal taxes?  What would you say to teens today about bullying in our schools and online?  Does your life's work reflect the dreams and goals you had as a young person?  How do you feel about our 2-party system?  Why do we sell weapons to Saudi Arabia?  Would you support free USofA ID for ALL citizens?  Will you hold the Palestinians accountable for their support of terrorism?  Though they violate the 1st Amendment, do you support Religious Freedom Laws?  What is your favorite verse from the Bible?  Are you aware of the Deep State and what position do you take concerning it?  As president, what will you do to help teachers help kids?  How can coal mining in Appalachia be made competitive with cheap gas and oil?  Would you be better able to govern with unrestricted power?  What would you do if your initiatives are stopped by congress?  What is your plan to end the destruction of life sustaining habit by capitalism?  The Killing of unarmed Black women and men  Should the US develop and maintain a first-strike cyberwarfare capability?  Is it fair IRS fines a citizen with only a part time job over half their salary?  Should the US become more involved in global affairs, or more isolationist?  When you were eight-years-old, what did you want to be when you grew up?  What steps will you take to protect workers from unfair labor practices?   How will you protect an African/American who chooses to open carry when allowed?  Do you pledge to eliminate private campaign contributions from elections?  Which countries border Syria?   The problem w/ this country is congress, not a president, How will you fix this?  How would you deal with America's obesity epidemic in America?   What legislative changes do you plan to implement for child support reform?  How will shovel-ready jobs be different from the failed stimulus package?  Will you support the growth of community, or wraparound, schools?  How should we end intimidation of candidate support?  What plans do you have for children with autism n seizures  What will you do to meet the needs of people displaced by climate change?  What regulations are necessary to protect us from another financial meltdown?  How do you respond when you're wrong?  Do you know more than our  generals and do you plan on replacing them?    Have you ever been called for jury duty?  If so, did you serve on a jury?  Have you produced  products overseas, if so, isn't this denying Amerians jobs?  Why is there an issue with people being able to qualify and collect disability?  What objectives do we need to achieve to end all ongoing military actions  Why do we punish intellect, independence & excellence? Why celebrate mediocrity?  Who would you vote for in this election and why?  What do you see as the most important role for women in our society?  Would you support state sponsored cyber universities with free tuition for all  Who do you believe was our greatest president, and why?  How will you protect the rights of trans* individuals of color?  How will you help every citizen feel safe in our country? #BlackLivesMatter  Will Social Services as we know it in America be a thing of the past?   What do you plan to do about the prison camp at Guantanamo?  Will you represent and serve all Americans? Even your opponent's supporters?  Should Walt Disney be allowed to replace it's American workers with H1Bs?   What did you say to your children if they said/did something offensive/hurtful?  What do you think of "Accredited investor" status for private equity?  Would you consider placing a federal cap in the number of charter schools?  Would you change the $2.5K allowable deduction on student loan interest?     Do you think that Christians are being targeted in this country as being bigoted  What services do you have to provide for children/ adults with autism/seizures  Would you support a bill placing high taxes on animal agriculture?  What is your level of commitment to urban schools even if you don't win?   How do you evaluate the good being done by your family foundation?  What, if any, plan do you have for remedying the American technology backwater?  how will you lead the workforce of government employees?  How will you help protect freedom of the press & restore faith in the 4th estate  How would you address human rights violations of Baloch people within Pakistan?  Should the Senate appoint and confirm key officials for DOJ, FBI, CIA?  How would you support freedom of exercise both at home and abroad?  As a presidential nominee / geographical expert, what is the capital of Chile?  If asked today, would Mohammed the Profit condemn or condone what ISIS is doing?  How will you fix the structure and economic disadvantages in the inner cities?  Do you support conceal & carry permits that will serve from state to state?  Do you think that this "global warming/climate change" is real and a priority?  What are your plans to support early childhood & K-12 edu in impoverished areas?  What actions will you take to reform policing nationwide?  Should the U.S. government hold Saudi Arabia more accountable for 9/11?  What are your thoughts about our hyper masculine sports and gun culture?  How will you protect children and women who are are victims of family violence?  What do you think of BitCoin and crypto-currencies in general?  If elected, will you secure the border?  Is a national police force needed to provide domestic security and law and order  Why do the dental benefits disappear after the age of 16-18? Will you add them?  How will you combat the low salaries of teachers and educators?  How would you enforce an indefinite ban Muslims entering the U.S.?   Should (all) elections be conducted by mail?  Neither of you have experience running a country.  How then are you qualified?  What aspects of the government would you privatize?  What is your position on climate change and why do you take that position?  Do you support criminal prosecution for politicians who break the law and put   Why do you have trouble speaking plainly, clearly and truthfully to the people?  What issues of the Green Party and Libertarian Party do you support?  How do you define "fair" objectively?  Should we switch to the Metric System?  How do you address Internet bullying and how we should deal with a bully?  Do you think that ins. companies or other entities have a say in your healthcare  Will you allow average people to invest in private businesses?  Would you support an amendment to grant congressional representation to Wash DC?  Is health insurance outdated as a means for providing health care?  How are you going to fix the shortage of healthcare professionals?  Describe why do you want to become president and why should we trust you  How would you earn the respect of the military?  Will your plan help the middle class to become home owners? If so, How?  Have you manufactured any products in foreign countries  How will you change students loans so they don't eventually affect housing?  What are the topics of the first three bills you hope to introduce?  What is the hardest thing you've had to do in your life?  What stance will your administration take on hydraulic fracturing?    What should be the public interest objective of our immigration policy?   Is it important for federal programs to operate efficiently and effectively?  Do Americans have a "Reasonable Expectation of Privacy" online?  Who would be your first choice to be nominated to SCOTUS, and why?  What will be your first specific action to promote job growth?  How will you dismantle the school-to-prison pipeline?   Who will you appoint as Secretary of Education?  Is more scientific research needed to demonstrate anthropogenic climate change?  Will you fight back against attacks on unions like "Right to Work" for less?  What would you propose to ensure that millionaires pay their share of taxes?  Do you regard vouchers for non-public schools a plus or a minus for education?  How can you bring jobs back to the USA?  If gun free zones keep people safe, why does the Secret Service carry guns?  Should candidates be mandated to disclose identical information when running?  What are the forms of cyber warfare that threaten us & how would you protect us?  Should a Presidential candidate have to qualify for a TS security clearance?  What will you do to ensure that no American children experience homelessness?   Do you recognize Jerusalem as the eternal capital of Israel?  What will you do to address sexual harassment and sexual assault in the military  What will you do to help get more rapes reported and more rapists convicted?   What is your foreign policy toward the Syrian Civil War beyond defeating ISIS?  Is it appropriate to ask non-Christians to self-identify in a public forum?  What have you done and what will you do as President to advance fair housing?  Are Palestinians entitled to human rights?  What are your plans to regulate car insurance companies?  Do you support the Dodd-Frank act, and why or why not?  What do you think of a nationwide corollary to "No Fly No Buy"?  Should the right to organize a union be treated as a civil right?   Should a person be required by force of law to participate in a gay marriage  How will you support the rights of secular Americans?  Will you break up the big banks like Wells Fargo?  For Family/Maternity Leave, what are the specifics of your plan?  Would you apologize to Americans if you do anything wrong?  Why should we maintain our allegiance with Saudi Arabia?  Why are companies allowed to use someone's credit score as a job disqualifier?  How will you ensure that the force of law is only what Congress intended?  How will you prevent bullying in the workplace and schools?  What will you do about corporate welfare?  Direct Aid to the Iraqi Kurds to fight Terrorist (ISIS)  Who will you appoint as Secretary of State?  What do you think of the idea of Electoral College reform?  What are you doing to prevent and fix regulatory capture?  Does the government's system for handling classified information need reform?  Do you support the movement to declare Pakistan a state sponsor of terrorism?  Define sexual assault and what would you do to end sexual assaults?  Do you think a person can be President if he/she has difficulty with memory?  Do you believe there is racial injustice? If do, what is your plan to solve it?  The Military has a large budget, why does our Air Force have old planes?  Would you close tax loopholes that benefit you and your family?  How will you bring back and produce jobs in the energy industry specifically   What are the candidates position on how to strengthen the border with Canada?  Do you support targeted business tax breaks?   How would your administration support scientific research at the fed level?  Do you support the legalization of medical and or recreational marijuania?  What plans do you have for reducing and controlling student loan debt?  How will you move addiction and pain management Science forward?  How does each candidate intend to indemnify student loan debt?  What changes to U.S. drug policy would you make since the drug war is a failure?  What will you do to reform the Criminal Justice system?   What is your position on the Hyde Amendment?   Do you believe heroin addiction is an illness or a felony offense?  Will you establish free socialized healthcare plans to all U.S. citizens?    What will you do about global warming?  How will you get government working again for average Americans?  Do you believe that federally funded research is important to our nation?  Is it ok to continue to skirt military pay laws, not keeping it even.  Do you encourage young people to puruse careers in science?  What will you do about Sanctuary Cities?  Will you penalize companies that have their goods made outside of the USA?  Will you shrink the size of the Federal Government ?   What will you do as President to ensure everyone pays their fair share in taxes?  Do you intend to use Executive Orders and signing statements?  Would you allow corporations to replace American workers with H1B guest workers?  With our national infrastructure in decline, what investments will you push for?  When will the USA stop acting as "The World's Policeman"  What is your opinion on abortion?  How do reproductive services fit into your economic vision for our country?  How Will You Support True Integrative Health Care?  In your own words, explain your understanding of the 2nd ammendment.   Do you believe that all Americans have Inalienable Rights ?   Will you advocate and support a National Rights Bill for Gay Americans  What is your opinion regarding term limits for the House and Senate?   Do you plan on ending the drug war?  Should a person who commits sexual assault be eligible to be president of the US  Why aren't teachers, Olympic athletes, and first responders paid higher wages?  What are you going to do to improve government technology infrastructure?  Can you give an example of a time you have sincerely said "I'm sorry"?  What educational plans do you have for children with autism n disabilities?  Why do you think our current immigration laws are not being enforced properly?  What has been your biggest mistake, and what did you learn from it?  Will you stop the war on police ?   Do you think the US police force needs reform, training and support doing so?   Why won't you talk about Climate Change, Poverty and their interrelationships?  Economists warn our national debt could cause a fiscal crisis. What's your plan?  What are your plans for health care ?  How will you balance personal privacy with the need for national security?  Will you declare building the border wall a National Security priority    How would you support companies that are moving jobs back to the USA?  How can the funding of sanctuary cities be justified?  Would you support legislation to give all animals rights?   How will you ensure that medical research benefits people and not  companies?  What are your plans to better support veterans?  How do you plan to reduce inefficiency in the Federal Government?     How do you plan to repair the damage caused by the discourse of this election?  How will you ensure that everyone has the opportunity to Vote?  Would you resign if...?  What's the biggest challenge to economic prosperity today and how do you fix it?  Do you pledge to repeal TPP if it is passed by during the lame duck session?  What will you do to minimize conflicts of interest due to your presidency?  What will you do to investigate and regulate the CDC?  How can you upgrade the food stamp program  Drug prices here are higher than in other countries.  How can you change this?    What is your stance on Transgender civil rights?  How will you ensure every American has access to mental health care?  Do you believe I, and other Americans are stupid for paying Federal Income tax?  Do you believe the mainstream media has covered you fairly and objectively? Why?  Would you support a mandatory limit for serving as a congressional member?  Is the passage of an unconstitutional bill treasonous behavior?  When did it become being smart for a presidential nominee to pay zero taxes  How will you pay for needed infrastructure improvements?  What are key needs?  What will you do to ensure our safety from Islamic domestic terrorism?  Do you view dependence on the government as a good or bad thing? Why?  What should be done about the Dakota Access Pipeline?  What will you do to tackle income, education and criminal justice inequality?  how do you eliminate regulations when banks like Wells Fargo fail at governance?  How will you build trust between citizens and police officers?  Should federal government laws put caps on prescription drug prices?Why/Why not?  How will you put an end to voter suppression?  How will you promote unity between the two major political sides?  Would you Support having Jill Stein in the Next Debate?  Why should the U.S. provide Israel $38 billion in grant assistance next decade ?  Why do you think that Republicans arrogantly deny the experts on climate change?  What are your views about public servants who expand their wealth while serving   What steps will you take to prevent further mass shootings in the United States?  Would you support the Fair Tax to make our tax code simple and transparent.  Do you support a sound currency over fiat currency? Why or why not?  What are you going to do to improve US government technology?  Would each of you carefully specify your health care plans for the nation.  What specific policy will you implement within 90 days to fight climate change?  What would you do to stop corporations from hiring undocumented workers?   Should legal immigrants with green cards be given welfare benefits?   Why do we need more immigrants when the wages of Americans are falling?   How will you cleanup the air we breathe and the water we drink?  Do you believe any limits exist on the power of the Federal Government?  The US provides billions in foriegn aid to enemy nations, would you cut this?  What will you do to improve the relationship between police and the community ?   How would you address issues surrounding adults with disabilities (like autism)?  Police abuse certainly occurs; what will you do to mitigate it?  How can we stop the flow of undocumented immigrants across our borders?   How will you deal with immigrants who live here but have entered illegally?  Full disclosure of candidate's business relations with foreign countries  How can we protect Americans' rights to free speech and privacy?  How will you uphold the separation of church and state?  What will you do to resolve the conflict over the Dakota Access Pipeline?  Obama wants to provide $17,642 in benefits to middle eastern immigrants. Fair?  Will you support removing Cannabis as a schedule 1 drug?  What will be cut to pay for the 250 billion that pays for illegal immigrants?  Why does the US help other countries with any and everything? Yet were in debt  How will you defend the separation of church and state?  How would your budget priorities lift working families with kids from poverty?  How will you prevent another financial crisis driven by Wall Street?  Would you support term limits for members of Congress and the Supreme Court? 
Explain why greed is In  business and education and rising cost of home and heal  Why do business and schools allow not proper clothing in women and children   will you fund accountable black-innercity development/actualization  program ?       What's your plan to reduce academic stress for students and encourage learning?  What you know of Anwar al-Awlaki? How would you reduce domestic terror?  How do you define being great for America?   What will you do to ensure that those who expose crimes are not called criminals  Eeoc  in educational and business  When will you stop wasting land and destroying land with greed  Have you been persuaded by new information on Pro-Life & Pro-Choice issues?  How should interest rates be determined, globally?  Why does Media and business pump money into candidates  it's illegal       What will you do to ensure world peace and prevent another world war.  Do you believe that corporations are people?  Presidential visits to various schools, and a White House plan  abolish BULLYING  Are you willing to enter into a "Grand Bargain" on taxes AND entitlements?  What do you think of today's US global Nazism, given we are next to broke?  Is it a good policy to deprive resources from small business via higher taxes?  Fast forward 4 years and tell us what defined your term as President?  What specific steps will you take to make a college education affordable for all  War breaks out in Mexico with a refugee crisis at the border. How do you respond  How will you solve the hate in usa    what are your thoughts re. the Opiod Crisis and what do you plan to do about it.  What does Bill Clinton have to do with this election process?  How will you help the poor, homeless, uninsured, disabled and food insecure?  How, specifically, will you improve K-12 education & lower the achievement gap?   Describe the difference between a statesmen vs. a politician   Explain your view of the situation in Syria from perspective of US and   How will you restore American prestige in the eyes of other nations?  Should public employees pay and benefits be indexed to private employees?  Why is it that when we intervene in global affairs it's for economic reasons?    What % of un-adjusted gross income should top earners contribute to charity?  In what ways will you ground oligopolistic competition?  How do you see the future for Latin people in this country for the next 4 year?  Moon landing: Fake or Real?  National debt  What can be done with sexual predators that pretend they are transgender & rape?  How will  your presidency work for ALL regardless of race, gender, religion?  Will you switch to the Bernie Sanders campaign funding model?  Which historical figure, no longer living, inspires you in your campaign?     How do you feel about private schools?   Howdo you get the people to gain respect for corrupt government officals?  Why isn't the government on the same social security as US citizens   Foreign Legion  Do you believe the US should have open borders in our hemisphere?  Under what circumstances would you invoke executive privilege?  What past refugee crisis from American  history most resembles the Syrian crisis  Which parts of the constitution require the most interpretation?  Under what circumstances would you grant a presidential pardon?  When will you shut down the Ponzi scheme called the COMEX?  Will you stop the Federal Reserve banks from manipulating the stock markets?  How will you balance economic and social development with saving the planet?  Will you respect the outcome of the election? Win or loose?  Will you finally repeal  the GPO and the WEP ?  Do you think political correctness has gone to far?  What exactly would you do to address the extreme income inequality in America?  How would you handle the senior citizen housing shortage?  How should the next POTUS react to Russia's presence in Syria?  Are you afraid of CIA?  If not, why not?  If so, would public dialogue help?    What would you do in this moral dilemma?  In the ensuing 55 years, how have you answered JFK's call?  How will you identify and discourage false political speech in future?  What would you do to heal the deep divides in our society exposed in this race?  How much did you inherit from your parents?  Why do you think a canadate on all 50 ballots isn't represented at the debates?  Are you going to restrict our military with weak rules of engagement?  Do you believe that every child should have a basic civil right to life?  Should the FBI be politicized to the point that they cannot not do their job?      To what extent will you incite an anti-trust agenda?   If Assad is deposed, will you support the construction of the Qatari pipeline?  What's your position on Bitcoin & cryptocurrencies?   Should we have taken the oil from Iraq, and how would that be executed?  Should government or business provide services and protections to our country?   Do you think being politically correct is more important than American lives  How, specifically, will you address the aging infrastructure of our country?  Do you support child support & custody gender equity Title IVD recipient states?  What was the greatest US President in your view and why - how do you compare?  What would you do to improve the United Nations?   Do you support the BLM's campaign to remove the American wild mustangs  Do you support the Line-Item Veto?  How will you protect voting rights for the next election?  What lessons for being President did you learn from the Cuban Missile Crisis   America is increasingly divided, if you won how would you go about bridging that  What changes would you make (if any) regarding the 'gig economy'?  How do you plan to make a great solution for people on DRUGS?  Do 20 million illegal immigrants deserve the same congressional representation?  What is something that you think each of the prior two administrations did well?  Why no prosecutions of banking CEO's for Crash of 2008?  Why are politicians so focused on preventing terrorism vs gun deaths?  What level priority would you make freeing Robert Levinson or other hostages?  Can we just not support Israel like we're doing?   Civil Service exam for federal elected officials?  What weird, strange thing about Americans do you think is worth celebrating?  Why not replace politicians and judges with non-political citizens?  Would you accept greater powers if granted Congress and the Supreme Court?  how many more public schools and private schools can be afforded?  Are you in favor of a VAT style tax?  How do you plan to bring Big business back to the United States from overseas?    Between the 2010 Arab Spring and now what should the U.S. have done differently?  How will you insulate yourself from  possible financial conflicts of interests?  Will you prevent TISA(Trade In Srvs Agreement)from occurring to save US srv jobs  Will you take a salary as President?  What tactics would you use for working with an obstructionist congress?  Is Climate Change overblown?  What is the war on coal?  Should government assist employers with incentives to provide work/life balance?  Will you support an end to killing based on algorithms (a.k.a signature strikes)  Can NATO adapt to the security challenges of the 21st century against terrorism?  Can you define the word "temperament?"  Describe a time when you have been wrong and what you learned from it  What are your thoughts on how Congress "works?"  What are you going to do to fix the congressional gridlock?  How will you attract our best and brightest to defend our country online?  What sort of legacy would you like to leave behind in the world?  How do your life's work and choices put the nation's interests above your own?  Show hoe your life's work and choices put the nation's welfare above your own?  What are your thoughts on the Black Lives Matter movement?  How would you improve the process whereby bills become laws?  How will bringing manufacturing jobs back to the US benefit people long term?  How would you fix the existing tax loopholes?  What does the plaque at the Statue of Liberty mean to you?  Would you support statehood for all of the US territories and DC?  Host a debate for all national candidates?  How do you feel about vaccine mandates and the lack of vaccine safety studies?   How will you negotiate and pass your proposed plans with the Senate?  Would you support increasing the voice of Americans abroad in elections?  Do you believe the President should to have the right to start a nuclear war?   How would you address the unfairness in the current welfare system?  Do you believe that every child has a right to life?  What will you do to make US walk away as victors in the War On Terror?   Affects of the Muslim Brotherhood  If you win and Russian hackers had tampered with the results, what would you do?  What time frame you are referring to when you say Make America great again?  Why should citizens pay taxes?   How will you address conflicts between industry, social justice and environment?  Should the influence of money in politics be reduced and how will do do it?  How will you prioritize your spending?   What examples show how our government is supporting the "pursuit of happiness"?  When were you instrumental in uniting politicians to get governmental work done?  How have you grown as a person and a candidate during this campaign?  What's the effect of the President's words/actions on relations b/w communities?  How can you, in good faith, continue to not discuss the real issues of the USA?  Will you back solar and other non carbon based solutions and train workers?  what will happen with the pubilc school if they keep cutting the money and   Would you support NASA's continuing efforts to send humans to Mars by 2035?  Can you explain the issue of climate change and what the US must do to fight it?  We see daily evidence of government corruption. What will you do to change it?  What could have been done differently to prevent the Great Recession?  Do you support the Trans-Pacific partnership?  What changes would you make to the Federal Reserve bank?  Do you believe in the efficacy of torture? If so, is it acceptable in war?  How would you make sure that innocent people won't get hurt by the police?  Why do you think so many people are voting for your opponent?  As president, what would your first act be, and how would that effect Americans?  How would you handle another country demanding to renegotiate a signed treaty?  What will you do to decrease Racism, Sexism, and Homophobia in the workplace?  Why taxes.  The TPP allows foreign companies to bypass US law. How will you stop the TPP?  What values must an immigrant hold to be compatible w/ American society?   What will you do to decrease/stop bullying?  Your opinion on reinstating Glass-Steagle  Whose tax plan will reduce your own tax rate more - yours or your opponent's?  When was the last time you did something domestic, like fold clothes or cooking?  Should infidelity really be brought up in THIS presidential election?   Does a woman have the right to end her pregnancy at any point & for any reason?  Would you vote to overturn the Windfall Elimination Provision?  Has either candidate attempted to circumvent the US's embargo against Cuba?  Why not encourage the rest of the world to be the best things the U.S. is?  Do you have a plan for achieving gender/racial diversity in your cabinet  Should the wording regarding legal slavery, be removed from the Constitution?  Congress gives preferred access to lobbyists. How can we stop this?   Would you be in favor of eliminating federal student loans and grants?  Can you describe your approach to supporting the arts and your arts platform?   What measures will you take to insure that you decrease substance abuse?  How do we restore RESPECT for others in this country?  Would you support giving voters vouchers they could contribute to politicians?  What is your policy to prevent, mitigate and/or resolve violent conflicts around  Can you please not start a war?  Describe a specific time when you reached a compromise you're proud of.  How can we reduce unnecessary military expenditure?   Without commenting on your opponent what would you do to reduce partisan rancor?  Under what circumstances would it be acceptable to use nuclear weapons   Would you support plans to ban carcinogens from our foods ?   What's your greatest failure & what are you doing to ensure you don't repeat it?  Will you eliminate/change both estate tax and step-up in basis in the tax code?  How will you fix lack of social awareness in the educational system?  How can conservatism succeed in all worldwide cities?  What is the first amendment to the US Constitution?  How does the national debt affect the average American?  Are you willing to prosecute Bush/Cheney for the Iraq War?  Which of you will end the class warfare and enact flat taxes--one rate for all?  How will you be the candidate for the faithful as well as the faithless?  What are your three primary goals for a first term as President?  The country is grossly in debt, $14 trillion dollars, how will you fix this?  What is your plan to combat the systematic polarization of wages occurring?  CPS has gotten out of control, what system would you put in place of CPS?  Name a concern to your opponent's supporters and what you would do to address it  Can US citizens be killed with due process. From an executive review?   Please give us your specific plan for dealing with ISIL?  Are you in favor of a "Tax" on Wall St.-type transactions?  How would you address the territorial claims in the South China Sea?  Will you as President finally recognize the Armenian Genocide?   How will you fix the federal deficit?  How will you try to solve the Syrian Civil War and Refugee crisis?   If the long form birth certificate "ended debate" why the 5 years to admit it?  Why would an increase or decrease in income tax rates be good for the US?  What chapter in American history is most instructive for 2016?  What is your position on Nuclear Disarmament?   Should highly skilled foreign nationals be automatically given green cards?  How would you handle the threat of state-sponsored hacking?  What is your grand strategy for the United States?  What will you do to combat our addiction problems?  What is the breakdown of the national Debt? Who do we owe money to and how much?  What does "all men are created equal" mean to you?  How is federal income tax not a form of slavery or indentured servitude?   What will you do to shrink the size of the Federal government?  If you are elected president, what role do you envision your spouse will have?  Should people be protected from discrimination on the basis of political views?  Who are the people who work in public service jobs and what will you do to help?  Do you wear a medical device under your clothing and if so what is it for  Which is the more effective economic philosophy, capitalism or socialism? Pick 1  Would you  engage in nuclear war fighting that could result human extinction?  Do you support a new electoral system that makes individual votes matter more?  How will you change food policy to make healthy food more accessible?  Publish a list of all charitable contributions you've made for the past 5 yrs?  Do you support Free Trade, or, believe in strong government regulation of trade?  Do you believe that the Elections in the USA be on one day with no early voting?  Do you believe the United States is, by all metrics, the greatest country ?  Are Our Veterans and Active  Military Heroes treated as good as illegal aliens?  How can congress and the courts become functional again?  How would you ensure that both parents are given adequate time to care for a kid  Would you require NATO countries to pay the United States a fee for protection?  What will you do to improve life for everyday American - School, Transport & Job  Will military the focus on wars that do not work to forces for shared humanity?  Should we lower the voting age to 16?  What are you doing to alleviate concerns of your perceived untrustworthiness  Should the Second Amendment be revised and clarified for contemporary times?  Will you declare a Natiional State of Emergency to combat opiate epidemic ?  Please explain the link between our open borders, gangs and inner city violence.  What do you consider the greatest responsibility of the President of the U.S.?  Would you ever start a war without congressional approval?  what would you do to address obesity epidemic & encourage healthy eating?  Why do we still have boots on the ground in Iraq?  Do you acknowledge world today is about country first and foreign affairs later?  Will you apply that same standard to legal gun owners & police in this country?  What will you do after No. Korea gets a missile that can hit the US with a nuke.  Would you support a balanced budget amendment?  What is the biggest mistake you have made, and to whom do you owe an apology?  Is our paid federal tax rate greater than that of your secretary?  How will you diversify the educational system?  Is our military weak, if so, what specific defeats has our military suffered?  What would you do to end or improve the 'war on drugs'?  What will you do to diversify the educational system?  As President, what would you do to discourage self-radicalized terrorism?  What are your thoughts on the sustainability of our economic model?  How are you privileged? Does it affect your status in society?  What have you promised your donors ?  Will you work to abolish the death penalty?  If not, why do you support it?  What's so bad about "illegal" immigrants?  Should an uninformed citizen cancel out the vote of an informed citizen?  Do you have a plan to desegregate our schools?  How will you deal with the humanitarian crisis in Syria?  How would you boost economic growth?   Is abortion America's Holocaust?  Do you support a livable wage as the minimum wage?  If Americans took your approach to paying taxes, how would we fund government.  Which federal regulations would be priorities for modification and why?  How do you think that incivility and violent rhetoric in politics affect us all?  Are all amendments to the Bill of Rights sacrosanct?  Should the government monitor its own productivity?  How will you encourage more immigration & better welcome immigrants?  What is something you most admire about your opponent?  How will you keep tax breaks & incentives from going abroad.  Will you help refugees with US ties expedite their applications?  Are there weapons that should not be available to the public? Please specify.  Will you agree to have your mic turned off when your opponent has the floor  Do you have a plan to expand criminal justice reform throughout the country.  If elected, would you spend your yearly vacation with a middle class family?  Do you support affirmative action?   will you disclose whether extraterrestrial beings are visiting earth.    How will you demonstrate your administration can be trusted by its citizens?  Can you be against Citizens United and accept/donate large sums to politicians?  What effect would debt-free college have on the national debt?  What makes you qualified to be President of the United States?   We are no longer in a militia era, when will you remove the 2nd Amendment?  What should be done about executives who make millions from  defrauding customer  Do you support K-12 school choice programs?  How do you plan on enacting your goals for America?  How much access should the government  have in the lives of citizens?  What will you do to help children who do not have access to preschool?  What is your plan to bring back jobs that have been moved to other countries?  What will you do to expose the global warming myth?  Have you paid your fair of taxes like ordinary Americans? If not, shouldn't you?  With the current state of our Immigration system is it possible to vet everyone?  How long should we remain committed to healing the wounds of slavery?   Do negative or "attack" campaign ads have a place in politics?  What are your legislative priorities for your first year in office?  What is your message to the closeted racists ? How will you change their minds.   Would you support state-based visas as part of your immigration reform?  Would it be OK if nobody paid any taxes?  Without using the words employment or jobs what are your intentions on poverty?  Should candidates for public office be required to disclose any foreign ties?  Should voters take a citizenship test to vote?  WHAT WOULD YOU DO?  Do you support  America's using her own energy supplies?  How will you ensure privacy and security of personal data in the digital age?  What do you say to 9-year-old Zianna Elephant and her plea for equality?   American Innovation  Is a president an important role model, and if so, how do you qualify?  How will you create more educational opportunity in the United States?   How will you SPECIFICALLY use modern technology to educate our children?  IF THERE IS AN ECONOMIC RECOVERY, WHY IS THE FED STILL AT ZERO?  Will you re-focus military money/might for shared humanity instead of war?  How can we realize an equitable international system for helping refugees?  Would you expand government investment in basic research and technology?  Will members of your Presidential Cabinet comply with Congressional subpoenas?  Many students attend college and cannot afford the cost of education,   How will your policies protect women from intimate partner violence and crimes.  Many of our inner cities are suffering from racial divide  Why not include all political ideologies and all political parties in debates?  What would you do to protect the rights of parents with disabilities?  When you look at Russian President Vladimir Putin, what do you see?  What will you do about the flood of fraudulent phone calls.  What will you do about mass shootings?  In your opinion, what is our role in addressing the conflict in Syria?  Do you think government whistle blowers should be protected or prosecuted?  Why do you believe a vote for a 3rd party is a protest vote and not a real vote?  Over flow of immigrants taken away low skill job's in boston why are they here w  What will you do to ensure our religious freedom, separation of church and state  How will you ensure that every child from birth has the opportunity to succeed?  Are tax cuts needed, and if so, for whom - the wealthy and/or the middle class?  What do you have to say regarding the violence at BLM riots?  What will you do to extricate the US military from the middle east quagmire?  Would you support having minimum qualifications for the office of President?  Do you believe there should be a minimum federal standard vis a vis voting laws?  As President how will you protect our aquifers from corporations like Nestle?    Do you plan to uphold the Constitutional value of separation of church and state  What is your vision for America, and how will you as President achieve it?  In office, how will you address the partisan divide in gov't & society?  What is the best way to end government corruption?  Without mentioning you opponent, why should we vote for you?  What will you do to ensure that workplaces are fair and safe for workers?  What are your views on Gun`s and the Second Amendment   Can you assure us, you will be representing all of us, not just ur base   How would you convince Congress to hold hearings on Judge Scalia's replacement?  In 1st 100 days will you enact programs/legislation for sustainable energy in US  What is your plan for our involvement in Afghanistan in the next decade?  Can the US pay off its $19.5 trillion debt? What happens to us if we can't?  Would you invest more tax dollars in science, tech, and research, and why?  What will you do as President to help combat rape culture?  How will you aid Syrian refugees, wounded and starving, fleeing their country?   What do your current, publicly available tax returns say about you as a person?  Will you stand with the Black Lives Matter Movement?  How do you plan on modeling the success of cannabis legalization in Colorado?  Would you support decriminalization of marijuana on the federal level?  What SPECIFICALLY are you going to do to bring government spending under control  Would you support eliminating or restricting the Presidential pardons?  What does feminism mean to you and do you consider yourself to be a feminist?  How do you intend to decrease carbon (CO2)/methane emissions?  Do tax cuts for the wealthy and large corporations help average Americans?  Wjat are your views about global warming/climate change and tree planting?  How would you ensure the upper-crust 5% be required to obey tax responsibility?   What have you done in your life that shows your commitment to public service?  Does experience/knowledge of gov't, foreign affairs, and policy details matter?  Do you support the Supreme Court decision in Obergefell v. Hodges?  How can we end the criminalization of immigrants and protect the rights of all?  How will you achieve racial justice outside of criminal justice reform?  Do you believe that the arts play an important role in education?  What are the top 3 ways you would reduce wasteful government spending?  Would you eliminate the subminimum wage for tipped workers?  Give 3 specific examples of how your tax plan will benefit the middle class  What would you do to give all children access to affordable, quality education?  Do you support Planned Parenthood?   As President, would you support the elimination of Income taxes and the IRS?  Can pastors express their political views from the pulpit?  How would you close the Medicaid gap?  How would you respond to a Russian invasion of Georgia?  Would support line item veto?  How do you plan to combat structural white supremacism?  What is your stance on vaccinations, and should they be mandatory?  What Can Be Done To Make The Worldwide Mainstream Media Politically Unbiased?  What role will disabled people have in making policy in your administration?  What will you do to fix the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's incompetency?  Is there still a role for the US government to play in space exploration?  Please, create Term Limits AND Recall for every level of politician AND judge?  What is your position on Climate Change and solutions to the problem?   How will you ensure the federal government respects Native treaties & rights?  Does climate change exist, and if so what are your plans to combat it?  Do you believe that Americans can survive on the current minimum wage?   How will you clean up corruption in government?  What will you do to increase sustainable energy & help create jobs in this area  Do you think our government intentionally misleads our Citizens?  How will you address the widening class and gap in wealth and health?  How would you end human rights abuses by the US and our allies?   How can American citizens be guaranteed fair and honest elections?  How will you support all of the rights granted by the 1st amendment?  Is it important for voters to see candidates' tax returns? Why or why not?  Tell us your position on Climate Change & what exactly informs that position.  Should education be left to the states or is a centralized model preferable?  How will you ensure that ISIS will be eradicated?  Will you end the corrupting/mergers of companies like Monsanto + Bayer?  Please explain how you can be trusted, without mentioning your opponet  How do you plan on dealing with the situation in Syria?  How would you promote animal welfare and protect animals from cruelty and abuse?  What specific steps will you take to address income inequality in the U.S.?  How will you address depletion of our natural resources?  Why do we not have the same respect for life in the womb as much one out of womb  Do you believe illegal immigration has compromised our national sovereignty?  Do you have any conflicts of interests that the public should be aware of?   Will you support the Presidents plan for 110,000 Syrian refugees in 2017?  Would you support an amendment establishing the right to bodily autonomy?    Will you support equal rights for LGBT Americans?  How will you handle immigrants who hold their Sharia law above our own laws?   Should a nation protect its borders? And should immigrants be vetted more?  What do you think of Colin Kaepernick's protest of the National Anthem?  What is your vision for NASA and America's space program?  Will you work to end the practice of executive orders to ignore congress?  Will you protect whistle-blowers who expose the government's crimes?  Do you consider yourself more honest than your opponent?   How will you make the U.S. a leader in solar and wind energy & efficient tech?  How will you expand access to affordable high-speed internet for everyone?  Do you support free college for illegal immigrants?  Should you be able to accept donations from nations with human rights violations  Should people expect the president to be a good role model for our children?  How will you support women's healthcare access?   Do you support universal basic income in response to automation taking jobs?   Do you support paid parental leave?  How would you value disability rights in your presidency?  Will You Support a Voter ID System that Insures that Only US Citizens Can Vote? 
How will you fix the Affordable Care Act?  will you protect our rights? what will you do about any outcomes that happen  What action, if any, should the US take in Syria--military or diplomatic?  Have you ever committed an offence that would disqualify you for POTUS?  what will our taxes be used for?  How do you intend to vote on TPP?  If you lose this election will you still attend each others family functions  What experience prepares you to deal with a  very polarized Congress?  Would you describe what you currently know about the cyberbullying crisis in the  Is there a time that you have not taken responsibility for something that you ha  How will you ensure that all children have access to high-quality education?  How much money would you accept to resign your candidacy?   Health executive bonuses  What will you do to gain back the trust of our military and their loved ones?   How do you plan to help privatize education and get the government out?  If elected president will you recognize the police as a terrorist group?  Does it bother either of you to be a grandparent and to be called so?  How do you define consent? Does the definition change based on who is asking?  What will you do to address economic inequality and lower student debt?  Why are Donald Trump's words worse than your and your husband's actions?  If it was proven that government official were corrupt  would you prosecute    Do you agree with Mike Pence that that the Earth is not billions of years old?  What good things are there about this country that inspire you to be president?   Do you believe he who is without sin  shall cast the first stone?  How do you plan to gain Bi-partisan support from Congress?  What in your opinion is the most important school subject kids should focus on?  Why has it been 33 yrs since they have upped the max amount you can make on SS?   What would you do to improve the quality of life of our disabled.    How do you plan to allay the widespread fear in America?   SHOULD HOUSEHOLDS HANDLE THEIR BUDGETS LIKE OUR GOVERNMENT?    HOW DOES SCHOOL CHOICE NOT BENEFIT THE KIDS?   Why do food prices go up, when the Rich pay more taxes and get more regulated?    What are your thoughts on Operation Northwoods?  Why do so many Americans dislike you and what are you doing to fix it?  SHOULDN'T GENITALIA DETERMINE SEXUAL ORIENTATION?    How is having to provide an ID at voting booths is disenfranchisement?  How do you feel about getting rid of the delegate vote and take us to a popular   How would you amend drug sentencing laws to facilitate rehabilitation ?  What's your plan 2 save Social security Disability from those who don't need it?  What is your definition of the "dollar"?  If you had a plan to immediately destroy ISIS should you reveal it now and save  What will you do to ensure that no child goes hungry in the richest country?  What are your feelings about providing & paying for emergency services?  What are your plans for education?  How can you justify making this election one of the most negative in history?   What would you do if there was a nuclear explosion at an Israeli army base?    What would you do be willing to do about the wrongfully incarcerated?   Do you think that $733 a month is enough to live on without help from SNAP?  Since the republican's have caused President Obama to be a lame duck session,   do you support the outlawing of private firearms sales and national database  Why should the American people hire you.  What is the plan to bring education objectives in line with student capabilities  DO YOU FEEL THE WORLD HAS BECOME MORE HOSTILE OVER THE LAST 8 YEARS?    What actions will you take to regulate Wall Street and protect Main Street? Spec  How will you encourage cyberbullying prevention efforts in our communities?  How do you plan to balance the progress of business with the needs of the state.  What is your least attractive character trait?   Do you think businesses should be able to settle without admitting wrongdoing  What are you going to do about the VA charging vets for services.  What is your plan to work with a congress who always says no?   How will you make election more transparent in terms of releasing taxes  What will you do about serious dog attacks that are increasing in the USA?  As President will you honor UN SC Res.1244 and withdrawal Kosovo's recognition?  Would you consider appointing Barack Obama to the Supreme court?  Please describe the three branches of government and their respective responsibi  Do you believe intelligent design should be taught in science class?   AT WHAT POINT DOES TAXATION BECOME THEFT?    What would you do to provide support and jobs for teens and adults with Autism?  Should canidates tax returns for 7 years be made public in FEC filing to run.  What one question would YOU like to ask your opponent?  Do you support making Election Day a national holiday   If elected president what would you do to  repeal the 96 crime bill   How will you expand equality to include LGBTQ Americans?  How did the crash in 2008 affect you personally?    WHAT IS THE ADVANTAGE OF FUNDING THE UNITED NATIONS?    How will we decrease our healthcare spending, while expanding healthcare to all?  Are you or your personal guard entitled to armed self defense?  SHOULD PEOPLE BE ABLE TO ENTER OUR COUNTRY ILLEGALLY?  How much money have you received in exchange for your influance?  Why all of the personal attacks and shaming?  SHOULD PEOPLE BE ABLE TO ENTER OUT COUNTRY ILLEGALLY?  How would lower or slow the cost health care so I can keep my employer paid Plan  Do you have any intentions in expanding paternal leave for parents of newborns?  Do you have a plan to address dwindling collective bargaining rights for techers  Will you fix the tax loopholes?  How would you ease the way to adopt a child  in  U.S. orphanages from all the $  Would you support an added tax on ammunition to help the victums of gun violence  National security threats vs. refugees  Christians recognize seven deadly sins. Have you committed any of them?  Would you propose changing section 8 to house new highschool graduates?  Do you believe in "we the people"?  I am undecided as to who will receive my vote.   Should elected officials salary be proportionate to their approval rating?  What are your opinions on euthanization of dogs (such as pitbulls)?  How will you ensure future elections allow all viable candidates in debates?  Would you support the implementation of Rank Choice Voting?   A non-partisan study to determine  national standard for use of lethal force?  Where do you stand on trade relations with Canada?   DO YOU FEEL WE HAVE HANDLED RUSSIA WELL OVER THE LAST 8 YEARS?    What do you consider more important for America, liberty or security?  How would you protect the identities of our veterans & active military from ISIS  Why is it that illegal immigrants receive free medicare and food stamps.   Should politicians who have been in office for many years be short term limits?  What characteristics  in your opinion make for a strong Presidential candidate?   Have you released your latest tax return and if not, why not?  What is your plan to address the issue of student loan debt?   Please address the problem of inadequate special needs training in schools.  What would you do to address barriers to democracy in the United States?  What do you envision for the future of Amtrak?  How will you work with international groups and other national governments?  SHOULD NON-CITIZENS BE ALLOWED TO INFLUENCE OUR COUNTRY BY VOTING?   IS THE WELFARE SYSTEM A FORM OF ECONOMIC SLAVERY?    As president will you release your personal taxes every year?  What is your favorite amendment and why? What amendments would you like to see?  Would you make sure that a city with toxic water have help and deadline to fix??  How did you intend to deal with the problems with our military's drone program?  What is your position on a federal minimum wage Increase?  In what ways would you encourage the population to live healthier lifestyles?  If elected, will you repeal Citizens United and remove the big money from politi  What will you do to curtail spying on American citizens and support due process?  Is our country safer now, then it was in 2008?  Why most we lower ourselves to legalizing drugs?  How will you stop "Pay to Play" in the government?  Why do you feel you are above the law?  What measures can we take to punish gun owners who allow children to access guns  What steps will you take to restore confidence in our political process?   Do you plan to use "Clinton Parameters" to solve Israeli Palestinian conflict?11  Where do you see our country's use of fossil fuels during your Presidency?  What moves will you take if elected President to bridge the political divide?  About voting rights:    Would you agree to debates being done with a polygraph?  What news jobs would you create? For all ages!!  What about America is great now, and if it's not, SPECIFICALLY what time period  How have you worked with neighbors/community leaders to solve difficult issues?  How do you plan on lowering the student loan debt?  Are you going to take money out of politics to make it less corrupt and rigged?  Which of these have you read: Qur'an, Sahih Bukhari, The Book Of Jihad and Heday  What's your plan to help Great Britain with BREXIT?   Do you plan to continue work on the moonshot/cancer cure initiative? If so, how?  How do you change public perception due to your unpopularity?  cryptocurrency tech provides a secure and decentralized system Vote from Phones?  SHOULD A CANDIDATE BE ALLOWED TO RUN PRESIDENT WITH SERIOUS HEALTH ISSUES?    Can you name 4 foreign leaders and what country they are from.  What is your stand on Legal Immigration with an outdated immigration system  Do you believe 'We the People' symbolize the government  should not be privatize  Are trade deals good for business, but bad for workers?  Why?  How do you raise corporate taxes but encourage profit sharing.  Would you create a moneyary tracking system to deter criminal & terrorist acts?  How do you explain President Obama's currently high approval ratings?  How will you be a role modeI to Americans?  What are your person religious practices?   When was the last time you mowed your own lawn or cooked your own meal?  What would you do to limit federal spending?  What is the true purpose of the law?  What is your position on reparations for black Americans?  What role do you believe that unions play in the creation of jobs in America?  Is it acceptable for a man to grope a woman because he is attracted to her?  How does one "make America great again"?  Do you believe in and support the concept of majority rule?   If elected, will you continue the "moon shot" for cancer research project?  Is racism against PoC real in America? Please describe a "racist" person.  Why shouldn't we ditch Saudi Arabia to ally with Iran?  How will you make sure that America remains the sole superpower of the world?  Do you support a federal limit on class sizes in K-12 classes?  What do you propose to help fill the millions of technical job openings?  What is one truely new policy idea you have for this country?  What will you do in office to stem the rise of armed radical groups?  How will you get things done if  Congress is controlled by your opponents party?  Your plan to fix legal immigration like severe backlog in Green card processing?  What do you have to say to Americans who have lost faith in both parties?  Do you support the repeal of the law commonly known as "'Citizen's United"?  Have you ever committed a felony or treason and got away with it?  What would happen if the US left the middle east?  What will you do to fix the current and future trade agreements?   Show how you will govern for the country's benefit rather than your own.  What are your plans for public land use?  Do either of you have Parkinson's disease or a neurological disorder?  How do we address the growing number of jobs taken over by computers / robots?  The development of strong AGI has vast implications for global peace issues   Why is there a double standard allowed to exist in our system of laws?  How would you address the Syrian refugee crisis?   Is the ACA sustainable if insurance companies keep leaving the exchanges?  How will  you act and what will you do to heal the divide in our country?  Why can not our family adopt a Syrian refugee orphan child?  What steps would you take to insure the build up of our military?  What would you do to restructure Puerto Rico's debt and improve its economy?  What is your vision for the U.S. economy in 5, 10, 20 years?  Detail your vision of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in the coming months and why?   Veterans are homeless, committing suicide, and the VA isn't helping. Thoughts?  Do you support Federal Standards for facilities caring for those with dementia?  Why should non-violent criminals lose 2nd Amendment rights after rehabilitation?  How would you correct a Federal agency overstepping a federal regulation?  Should all government employees be protected if they mishandle information?  Should those on welfare be required to get a physical and rebuild America?  War on drugs war on terror, what will your war be?   What +/- effects do you attach to releasing not releasing your 2015 tax returns?  Is it possible to put price controls on public college universities?  Why are you qualified to care for the public trust that is the presidency?  What will you do to aid the creation of next generation antibiotics?  Does the President have the constitutional authority to void trade agreements?  Do you view Vladimir Putin as more of a threat, an ally or partner, or both?  With so much partisan rancor how will you unify our country, if elected?  Describe your bottom-line standard of living for every American.   Do you think people in authority who break the law should be held accountable.  Will you give up your wealth and business connections to be an impartial leader?  Which govt agencies would you like shut down? EPA - FDA - CFPB - HUD - VA  What more would you do to address 'food deserts' in the US?  Can you help older college grads 50 yrs&above with loan forgiveness?   Should election day be work holiday?  What are your plans for prison reform and reducing prison recidivism?    How do you intend to reform the USA PATRIOT Act to protect citizens privacy?  What is America's most important resource?  The Electoral College can override the people's vote. Will you end it if elected  Are you willing to submit to a independent medical exam?  Why should the American people trust you  Do you believe that questioning the birth of a President is appropriate   How would you grow engineering jobs by supporting new energy technologies?  How will you compromise and seek and grant forgiveness w/ opponents & enemies?  How will you ensure that all lives matter?  What would you do to preserve the bill of rights especially the 1st and 2nd amme  61% of gun deaths are suicides. What would you propose to reduce this number?  What do you think of other political parties being excluded from these debates?  How do you two respond to fact checking of your statement?  Do you believe an unborn baby has the same rights as any other person?  Name one positive plan your opponent has?    If Elected President what will you do to stop China from dumping steel.  When are you going to address the subject of the geo-engineering?  What makes you morally preferable to your opponent?  Do you believe privatization is destroying public education?  Do you support American Exceptionalism?  Over your life what action do you most regret? How have you made amends?  What will you do to eliminate corruptive influences during your presidency?  Can you share a lesson you learned from a mistake you have made in the past?  What would you propose to reduce excessive campaigning and contributions?  How will you raise corporate taxes without businesses passing the cost on to us?  How do you plan to help bridge the demographic divides in the U.S?  Do you support Instant Runoff Voting?  Will you begin to end the illegal invasions in the Middle East for oil.  Should Puerto Rico become a state?   How will each of you address the problem of an out of control debt.?  Would you support online voting for federal elections?   Steps that you plan to take to preserve clean,uncontaminated water,food, air?  Destabilizing Syria increased terrorism.  Would you continue the failed policy?  Does everyone deserve healthcare;Should homeless or illegal aliens receive care?  Will you reduce H-1B and H-2 Visas, which lead to lost US jobs?  You talk about the lost of manufacturing jobs to other countries  How will you handle out of control illegal immigration and refugees?  Who are the top ten donors to your foundation and how much did each donate?  Will you accept full responsibility for refugees from terrorist hotbeds?  In reference to the Veterans Administration  regarding Claims and Appeals.   How will you handle the next Recession?  Would you sign a balanced budget constitutional amendment  How do you plan to balance subsidies and additional taxes/regulations on big biz  Nation Lawsuits  Do you support drone strikes, knowing they inevitably end up killing civilians?   How can you reassure voters who have suffered losses due to climate change ?  Describe 3 crucial decisions by favorite  U.S. statesmen during a crisis.  What do you plan to do, if anything, to dismantle corporate power in the US?  How would you handle whistleblowers in you office? How about another Snowden?  How would you handle histleblowers in your office? What about Edward Snowdon?  How would you ensure that voting is as easy as possible for all Americans?  Should prisoners have to pay for their own food, housing, and medical care?  What will be you policy on African wildlife conservation  How can a country run with out a balanced budget.   Would you support eliminating all pensions for Representatives and Senators?  As President how would you combat the current congressional deadlock?  What are your plans to bring the family wage job back to the U.S? 	  How do you plan to address the injustices in the black community?  If raising taxes on "job creators" kills the economy, how did we survive Ike?  Do you support reparations for black Americans impacted by slavery?  What actions will you take to help restore FAMILY values across America?  How can we reinvigorate the economy in America's small towns and rural areas?  How would you stop DMCA abuse by big companies?  What is your plan to remove illegal aliens and keep more from invading America?  If elected president what do you plan on doing about the Gentrification going   Should a candidate's tax returns be disclosed before the election?  Have you supported the TPP trade agreement?  If your position has changed, why?  Would you enforce criminal laws re guarding the mishaldling of classified info?  The War on Drugs has failed, prisons are over crowded. What needs to change?  Please state the exact amount you've paid in taxes for each of the last 5 years.  Are Americans allowed the same protections for their homes that you have?  Would you be willing to submit to a drug test.  Is it time to fund public schools differently to eliminate the "education gap?"  How will you hold businesses accountable for local environmental conditions?  Do you have plans to reform Legal Immigration to discourage Illegal Immigration?  Will you protect antitrust laws that prevent monopolistic mergers?  Give your top 3 priorities with 2 specific steps you will take to implement each  Should insurers cover post-traumatic stress disorder like other disabilities?  Will you work to end fossil fuel dependence in the US?  Do you think immigrants need to learn to speak English?  Should a person who works 40 hours a week be guaranteed a living wage?  If elected, which Obama Executive Orders/agency regulations will you eliminate?  Is it possible to stop gun violence while upholding the 2nd Amendment, and how?  Can you justify giving $38b to Israel when we are cutting programs for our poor?  What would you do to promote science education and research?  What would you do to prevent another Benghazi attack from happening?  Do you think that the Federal Reserve Bank should be abolished?  How would you preserve national security while protecting personal liberties?  Population growth consumes natural resources. Will you reduce immigration rates?  Would you support the reintroduction of a modern day Fairness Doctrine?   Will you grant presidential pardons to Edward Snowden and Chelsea Manning?  Why do we give billions to other nations when we should support our veterans?  WHAT IS THE BENEFIT OF HAVING IMMIGRANTS THAT DETEST OUR WAY OF LIFE?    What is your idea to streamline voter registration?  What steps will you take to protect endangered flora and fauna?  What does the 2nd Ammendment mean to you? Why is it so important to uphold?  The United States Tax Code must be totally revised. Will you prioritize IRS Code  Will you allow anyone in your administration to use private email?  What do you think about Paying Welfare to Illegal immigrants?  Would you ever consider confiscating guns from law abiding citizens?   Healthcare Coverage  Will whistle-blowers be protected in you administration?  What would you do to end the crisis of sexual abuse in U.S. prisons and jails?  Will you interject in Saudi Arabia's violent laws against women and LGBTQ?   Why are High up Govt. officials not being held accountable for their actions?  What are your thoughts on establishing term limits for congress?  How is using the no-fly list as gun control not a violation of due process?  What are you going to do to stop mass shootings in the USA?  How can any new gun control law stop terrorists or criminals from getting guns?  What will you do to make sure the ultra rich pay their fair share of taxes? 
How do you feel about the bill letting families sue Saudi Arabia?  Please describe what you consider the "middle class" vs "the wealthy"?   How would you deal with the question of transgender people and restroom use?  Do you think actions or words are most important?  Do you support extended patent protection for things that aren't really new?  Do you think its ok to judge other people, like Americans are judging you?  Do words matter?  What is your opinion on enforcing anti-polygamy laws?  Which would be the first country would you visit if you became president?  Will you keep or polish Obamas new legislation on salaried employees under $50k  Do you more more parental choice in the education of their children?  Who do you think would be the best person to be president in 2017?  What will you do to protect our elections from foreign countries interference?  What actions will you take to heal our wounds and restore our National psychic?  How do you plan on adressing the issue of abuse using the leagle system?  Should countries ban US citizens since the US has been compromised by terrorism?  How would you deal with a lewd employee?  Are you able to answer any questions without bashing the other candidate?  Would you regulate the medical industry's? They are fleecing the american people  Have you personally experienced gendered-based discrimation in the workplace?  How would your tax plan benefit the middle class?  Do you support Australian style gun control measures that led to confiscation?  What is the role of a free press in our Democracy?  Should there be accountability when fact checking proves a false statement made  What are your thoughts on making marijuana a schedule 2 drug?   Will you order the DOE to use school choice as an incentive or as a sanction?  What do you think of social media and how it's influenced you?  Would you shut down all U.S. Military bases around the world?   Should parents be required to call their child the gender that they identify as?  What all you do to reduce activities that contribute to global warming?  What is an American?  How would you fix our over population of our prisons and reduce their expenses?  Why do politicians seem to be able to live under different rules that we do?  Who do you think would be the best person of all time to be president in 2017?  Many universities are politically biased. True/false? What will you do about it?  Fourth Amendment to the US Constitution  What novel approaches do you support to handle the opiate crisis?  What is your opponent's greatest strength?   U.S. National Debt  How would you avoid conflicts of interest?  What about transgender health/surgical coverage?????in USA   Should teachers still try to teach civility in class discussions and debates?  What are 3 character qualities you will bring to your daily work as president?  Do you support ban of mandatory arbitration clause for retirement brokerage acts  Do you support using parts of the Northern Marianas as a simulated war zone?  Do support the US-Israel Free Trade Agreement, the first FTA we ever signed?  Why does today's administration allow illegals to waive their flags and protest?  How will you change funding for public schools?  WHY are YOU the BEST Candidate to LEAD this Nation??  EXPLAIN TRUTHFULLY !  How would you end "regulatory capture" at SEC, where SEC employees move to WS?  If elected, what will you do when the media decides your presidency is farce?  When elected, how will you listen to the voice of the opposing party?  If elected, would you maintain the sanctions on Russia?  Will the opposition party in Congress totally obstruct your agenda?   Would you support doubling (or tripling) the budget if the NIH?  What story from a person on the campaign trail moved you and what's the solution  How will you mitigate the risks inherent in the implementation of JASTA?  should we stop funding syrian rebels and join in the focus on ISIL?  Would you penalize trade partners that don't treat their own workers fairly?  How will you end the stigma of and support people with mental illness?  What would you do to ensure all kids receive a quality education?  Would you support Federal standards for the voting process?  From hyperbolism to fact: Who were the worst presidents?   How would you address disproportionate incarceration of men?  Demonstrate your ability to compromise to achieve results.  How will you as President protect our voting rights?  What role, if any, should the Federal government play in education?  Do you believe in the American Dream?  If you grant amnesty, will you fine all illegals $5K-$10K and stop welfare?  What qualities about the other Presidential Candidate do you admire?  How would you ensure that everyone receives equal scrutiny by the police.  Are Americans who believe in a god better citizens than those who don't?  Would you protect victims of child abuse & domestic violence from incarceration?  Considering the challenges facing our nation, do the ends justify the means?   What values define America?  What would you do specifically to end racial bias in community policing?  Are you in favor of more vocational courses in high school?  Will you uphold Native Americans Treaties & how'd you improve their lives?  We have the right to bear arms,do we have the right to carry without permit then  what sexual harassment training do all your workers receive just like we do?   Which Philosopher's philosophy do you believe was/is closest to the Truth?  Why should any American voter believe anything either of you have to say?  Should Chagossians be allowed to return to their ancestral homeland?  How have you benefited from current tax laws?   What is somebody's "fair share" of taxes? What variables impact the amount?  Will you please clearly tell us what the 2nd amendment means to you?  Who is an American?  What will you do to stop retaliation against women who report sexual harassment?  Why is funding being cut for public education?  Shouldn't we take care of our own before immigrants/refugees?  Why are neither of you proposing any policies to reduce the national debt?  Do you support school vouchers?  Would you support a bill to end all welfare to pregnant teens?  Will you support a bill charging every illegal $5K-$10K for taking welfare?  Why are Americans so ignorant to the truth of what is happening in our country?  Why are we starting a war with Russia??  How would you address issues of domestic violence?  Should we increase payments for victims of atomic tests in the Marshall Islands?  What would you do to stop medicare fraud by doctors.  How will you honor the rights of Disabled Americans?  How can you address each party having their own contradicting "facts"?  How can you stand up to the aggression of Russia while the other supports it??   What will you do to stop the gridlock in Congress?  As Christians how do your social policies reflect Jesus' teachings?  Describe the typical path of a successful small business in the US.  How would you enforce the Riegle-Neal Act's 10% cap on banks seeking mergers?  Do you think the current wealth inequality in the US is a problem?  What is your stance on the Dakota Access Pipeline?   Will you fight against Citizens United and taking money out of politics?  Are you for ending the executive reach by executive order ?   Should breaking national security rules disqualify one from candidacy?  Do you accept responsibility for the actions of your subordinates?  How do you reconcile 2nd Amd rights of individuality with the need for safety   Would you support a CCC/WPA type program for felons to work on infrastructure?  Please describe how you fund your charitable foundation & its social causes.  What are your plans to relieve the skilled worker Shortage?  What do you think the purpose of U.S. alliances is?  What is your greatest weakness?   What penalties are you willing to enforce on politicians who break the law?  Over half our federal spending is on  military, can we reduce without weakening?  If elected, how will reunite us as citizens of a divided nation?   Allow yourself to Be TESTED by an Independent MD before Election and RELEASE #'s  How do you plan to partner with the legislature to accomplish key initiatives?  Should the Federal government regulating abortion and/or guns  Why does the government intentionally create Unemployment?  How can you protect 2nd amendment with protecting precious lives?  What will you do to restore integrity to our election process?  Will you look at other nations like Australia in creating gun legislation?   Who exactly will you take advise on matters of cyber security and technology?  Do you think someone who's violated law should be allowed to run for President?  Based on past statements & actions, how can I trust you once you are in office?  How will you restore the Voting Rights Act?   Name 3 things you will do for middle class this time?  What is your plan to reduce the $20 trillion dollar debt?  How many foreigners a year should we invite in to help fund SS/Medicaid?  What about lgbt community?  Do you support self-determination (nationhood) for the Kurds ?  Do you believe in God?  Do you feel Illegals are more important than American Citizens?  How will you ensure that every child knows that they have a right to thrive?  Are you in favor of auditing the Federal Reserve?  How will you be able to bring our divided country together?  Do you want to ban all Muslims from entering the U.S.?  What is your civil rights "litmus test" for nominating Justice?  To whom does the first amendment apply?  How will you protect the voting rights of legal Americans?  What role do you feel education has in the success of the US economy?  How are you going to take lobbying out of government decision making?  will you accept the election results and ask your supports to do likewise?  Describe in detail how you believe jobs are created.    Do you believe in increasing or decreasing our use of military force abroad?  How much would your own income taxes go up or down under your tax proposal?  What do you see as the role of the media in a democracy?  What will you do for the poor American families?  How does your position on immigration mesh with or disagree with the UNHCR?  Bill of Rights are for the people true or false?   How would your plan ensure more jobs and economic growth?  Would you support the death penalty for adults that murder children?  Protection from Cyber Attacks.  What specifically are you opposed to in the CCSS? What is alternate plan?  To whom, specifically, would you like to apologize?  Given recent attacks, what would you do to help reform the doctrine of Islam?   How will you help enforce compliance with disability services in schools?  What is the 'anthropocene', and what do you see as its major challenges?  Do white lives matter?  Will you support rebuilding our water infrastructure?   Do you support an increase, decrease, or the status quo in military spending?  In Jan 2001, the US Natl Debt was to be paid off by 2010. Why did tax cuts fail?  Do either of you support Freedom of Speech?  Can we make congress ride in FIATS instead of limo's?  Will you get rid of Citizens United, and rid our land of bought politicians?  what action will you take to increase funding for Pancreatic Cancer?   What are "the problems of wheat" of which Socrates wrote?   If elected what will you specifically do to protect the homeland?  Should major third party candidates be allowed to participate in the debates?  What will you do to help states  support implementation and protect Olmstead   how are you planning to address automation impact to your call for more jobs?  Will you work for higher fines for employers hiring illegals?  What would be looking for in a person you would nominate for the Supreme Court.   How many countries do we now send aid to and name two reasons why we should or   Do you support expanding, and not cutting, Social Security's modest benefits?   How will you protect us at home without alienating the rest of the world?  What would you do in your first 100 days in office to address climate change?  Should Medicare pay for continuing treatments that are normally not covered?  What mistakes have you made and how have they hurt others?  Should illegal drug use disqualify someone from a security clearance? It did whe  Explain how increasing taxes to big buisiness leads to job creation.  How are going to help people with disabilities?  Repealing the inheritance tax  With the US accepting more refugees, what would be the next step for safety?  Should newborns be called American if the parent is an illegal in any aspect .  Should any candidate qualified on enough ballots to reach 270 elc. votes debate?  Will you fight to lower income tax rates for low & moderate income wage earners?  Willyou make huge cuts in the defense budget to pay for human needs?  How much of a problem is violence against women today?   20 trillion debt.  Syria refugees unable to vet. Why allow more & debt?  What will you do for the Christian people?  What is the role of government in America?  Will Government be held to the same standards as private business?  Do you consider Islam a race?  Do rape victims deserve to be believed when they come forward?  What will you do to support people with disabilities and elevate our voices?  Is Islam a race?  Do you think biotech companies should be held responsible for their actions?   What are you going to do with the individual mandate in Affordable Care Act ?  Will you vow to be a good steward of every federal tax dollar collected?  With social security reaching a critical mass how would you address costs  Do you support the Black Lives Matter Movement? Why?  Should candidate be REQUIRED by law to reveal their tax returns?  What will you do to support the growing number of people with autism in the US?  How will you work with other nations to collectively disassemble WMDs?  Healthcare and religion  What can be done to effect economic change that would benefit all people?  When scientific evidence conflicts with corporate profit, how would you respond?  What is your plan to help mend race relations in America?  What would you do to support third party choice in future elections?  Are free trade agreements like NAFTA and TPP good or bad for the economy?  Will your administration investigate vaccines as a cause of autism epidemic?  How will you vet "assimilated" Muslims who are being influenced to join ISIS,   "We the People" has become "We the Party", what will you do to change this?  What SPECIFIC plans do you have to get Congress working again?  What will you do to cut down on human trafficking in America ?   Do you support the concept of international law, and why?  Do you support modifications to bankruptcy law to allow student debt discharge?  What is the last issue in which you changed your mind? Why?   Do you support technologies such as in Germany to recycle more products?  What are the three branches of government?  Why was the working class not mentioned during the first debate?  Express your vision for universal, quality, affordable health care.  Will both candidates release their full medical records?  What will you do to change the culture of sexual violence?  What would you do to prevent a looming economic downturn?  How will you unite a divided two party system so things work again?  What will you do about climate change?  Corruption / Accountability   Hasn't the Federal government proven itself incompetent to screen refugees?   What is your position on a single-payer health care system?  Under what circumstances would you cease to support fracking?  Should voting machine companies be allowed to donate to presidential candidates?  How will illegal immigrants pay Americans back for the welfare we are providing?  What does "separation of powers" mean, and why is it important?  What will you do to make America a clean energy country?  Where do you stand on rights of parents and a parental rights amendment?  How would you help ease the tensions between minority groups and police forces?  What will you do to combat abusive 'therapies', like conversion therapy and ABA?  Will you support an amendment to overturn citizens united?  Are corporations people?  What do you believe the most important issue facing America is?   How do you define sexual assault?    What will you do to split up the cozy relations between media and politicians?  Should Sharia Law be allowed in the US and take precedence over the constitution  Why do we keep opening our borders to thousands of refugees who hate us!  Would you support reforms aimed at reigning in the NSA and their partners?  What is your stance on Property Rights and Self-Ownership Rights?  Will you debate Jill Stein and Gary Johnson in a nationally televised debate?  Can we make legal immigrants work 10 yrs before receiving any SSI?  How will you address the ongoing problem of sexual assault in this country?   What is your plan to address a transition to sustainable society?  Should government officials be subject to the same laws as private persons?  How will you stop price gouging by pharmaceutical  & health insurance companies?  Should someone who supports Sharia law be allowed to come to America?  How will you stop water pollution from factories and factory farms in the USA?  What will you do to end corruption and the cover ups apparent in our government?  What will your adminstration do to ensure the laws are applied equally?    Nothing grows the economy like the FAIRtax. What do your advisers think of it?   Do you have financial loans or business connections to Russia, Ukraine or China 
Who controls the weather or climate in your mind??  How will you fix the Voting Rights Act?  Do You Think Learning Disabled And Special Needs Should Be Seperated At Schools?  If President Will You Ban The Slave Labor Of Children in Schools?  Why Not Ban Special Educating Of Normal Students For Fraud Waste And Abuse?  Outsider Control Over America"s Economy   Does man or God control the climate / weather???  Will Area51 Be Declassified?   Special Education is a Multi Billion Dollar Program a Waste Of Tax Payer Cash  If Obamacare is ever repealed what would you do to replace it?  What is your position on the CFPB?  Do you support imposed maximum speed limits on trucks  What would you do to protect rights of Christians  What will you do to reduce the amount of people of welfare?  Do you not realize that the student loan crisis was created by people taking out  Would you be willing to throw away your Blackberries and email devices?  Should we make taxes and social security more fair for single people?  Why will no one pass a flat or consumption tax so everyone pays something?  Why/why not support Congressional repeal of the 17 Amendment?  How will you chg  laws to help women who assaulted, sold under paid.   What year was America's greatest year and why?  What would each canidate do to improve the failing Obamacare?  Do you think candidates should debate without moderators & pose own questions?   What are you going to do to defeat ISIS.  How will you prevent special interest groups from influencing US policy?  How would you put health care delivery back into the hands of the consumer?  Would you support legalization of non-binary gender markers on legal documents?  Would you support the expansion or restriction of any forms of online gambling?  What is your response to that banner? Is "Republican hate" responsible?   Should the Pentagon lower standards for women who are failing combat training?  Are they following Islam's tenets by killing infidels to establish a caliphate?  Would you support term limits for congress and the senate.  What qualities make the candidates presidential?  What do you intend to do about the drug epidemic in our country   Should our governments and courts side with those Christians, too?  How will you end the financial discrimination in the education system?   What laws will you set to make sure the public cannot own endangered animals?  Under your presidency, how would the Dept. of Education interpret title IX?  How does a 45% Tariff on goods from China, Japan and Mexico help my family?  Would you get rid of the penalty for not having insurance?  In your opinion, what are some acceptable medical standards that protect women?  How far will you go on signing executive orders?  Do you favor requiring the IRS to release tax info on Presidential candidates?   Do the laws limit the 2nd amendment rights of law abiding citizens unnecessarily  Using less foreign oil and more cleaner low-sulfur domestic oil  Would you support opening schools to more religious freedoms?  Does the 2nd Amendment protect the AR-15? Would you sign a bill that outlaws it?  What would you do to expand or limit the use of eminent domain?  Can you be trusted to keep America's secrets a secret and enforcing our laws?  Would you release the remaining JFK assassination documents?  What will you do to stop Islamic radicals from murdering our innocent citizens?  As president, would you defend "freedom of worship" or "freedom of religion?"   With baby boomers retiring programs to help will be strained. How will you help?  What is your definition of "American exceptionalism"?  Land of opportunity vs entitlement?  What specific role could your spouse play in the White House?  Describe how you will revamp the regulations involving government employment?  What is your view on the role of the Dept of Education? Do you support vouchers?  What do you see as the right balance between federal and state authority?  What will you do to reform and improve immigration courts?  What measures will you specifically take to reduce the size of our government?  Would you sign the Optional Protocol to the Convention Against Torture (OPCAT)?  What are you planning  on doing to improve the education system?   Say something positive about your opponent  What are your plans on making the welfare system better?  Do you consider yourself to be part of the "1%" wealthy Americans?  Drug testing and limitations on welfare benefits?  Do you intend to end the political practice of patronage?  What should be done to officials that handle Classified Info inappropriately   Is San Francisco, a "sanctuary city," culpable in the death of Kate Steinle?   Do you support a mandatory life sentence for  violent crime illegal immigrants   Should a presidential nominee be required by law to release their tax returns?  What is your plan to help all the forgotten Vetnam vets, who are still dying.  What, if any plans do you have for helping older Americans find work?  Should we remove Supreme Court Justices who disregard the Constitution?  When do you personally believe human life begins?  Will you listen to the people's wishes? Will you stop wasteful spending?  The Constitution  Do you support ending the "anchor baby"  laws / amendment?  Will you push for elimination of Dept. of Energy, Education and contain the EPA  Is diversity on the Supreme Court important?    Do you support expanding Medicare/Medicaid to pay for dental/ vision/audiology   Why is ok for the DOJ to give immunity, or FBI to destroy evidence?  Roe vs Wade protects women's right to choose. How will you uphold this?  If a gov't can't fire people who allowed veterans to die, what good is it?  Will you ban Sharia Law or any other foreign law from being used in US courts? 
How exactly will you change the economic state we're in right now?  Isn't it unfair that states with such different populations all get 2 senators?  What's your view of stronger U.S. support for the Syrian Kurds?  How many x's  have you testified to defend ur actions and why to any gov't body?  Why would you spend billions on a wall instead of helping himeless?  How will you open the gridlock and help government work again?  Why is it ok for Kids to learn about Mohamed but not Jesus Christ.  What do you think the distinction between equality and equity is?   What's your view of Portugal-style drug decriminalization?  Will you support a constitutional amendment to enact some form of pref voting???  how would have either candidate handled vladamir puttin when he   What can be learned from the New York 5 trial?  Should teens who send nude selfies be criminally prosecuted?  How will you ensure that everyone receives the health care they need?  Do you believe we should put U.S. soldiers on the ground to fight ISIS  Please explain your view of the media and what their true role is in a democracy  Slavery.  How will you fund the bombing of foreign countries?  How will you address the student loan crisis?  How can the option of abortion become more available to rural women?  would you spend a day with police to understand the rules of engagement?  How will your presidency see that our woman are treated with dignity & equality?  What would you do to insure rapists actually serve jail time not just probation?  Why should the Basket of Deplorables have faith in the group over the self?  Open Borders and Free Trade  Do you support the wet foot, dry foot policy under the Cuban Adjustment Act?  When you see a problem, do you tend to assume government needs to solve it?  What would you do about Judicial oversight on a federal and local level?  As President what would be your role in creating legislation?  White the minority  Demanding The Post Office Over-Funding Into General Revenue  Do you value voter support or opposition dislike more?  What are your views on TRAP laws?   How would you inspire Americans to always exercise their vote?  Do You Support the Islamic Organizations forming Unconstitutionally in the USA?  same sex marriage.  BLM is just as racist as the KKK. Will you support prosecuting violent rioters?  How can we fix income inequality by keeping taxes high for families?  Do you Support US TROOPS Over Refugees sent in FIRST to Fight in War in Syria?  What will they do to protect American Civilians soldiers and workers from attack  Will you end the reign of patent trolls?  What will you do to strengthen the 2nd ammendment?  If you lose the election, how will you support the issues you say are important?  Congress votes  What are your plans for GSEs Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac?  Do you support bringing US Troops Home and Protect USA from TERROR & Open Border  Do you Support Justice Scalia's Defence on the US Constitution?  Do you support RFID chip implantation in humans?   How will you address peaceful protestors? Will you speak to their concerns?  Are you willing to incentivize "buy American". Until people "get it" again.  What will yoy do to increase the value of the dollar  Why does Politics and Money Influence Our Legal System & Allow Special Treatment  What are your top 3 objectives that I should consider when casting my vote?  Are you willing to do more than pay lip service to your constituents concerns?   What is your Stance on Freedom: Liberty, Justice and the Pursuit of Happiness?  If elected how do we become a united Nation again?  What is your reaction to the recent deaths of police officers killed on duty?  Do you support the Muslim demands for a Woman to Cover her Head as a Right in US  How do you see the TPP helping our Jobs/economy over reinvestment in America?   Will use of non-lethal ammunition decrease firearms-related deaths in the US?   Would you keep the ACA provision making insurers count Rx's in max out-of-pocket  Will you end the dysfunctional duopoly of American representation?  Should a business such as AGHQ be allowed to discriminate based on life events?  WHY?  Will you reconsider training for armed forces?  Foreign Aid  CAN YOU EXPLAIN HOW POLITICIANS ARE ABLE TO RAISE BILLIONS OF DOLLARS FOR AN ELE  How would you support the Calls to Action in the Ferguson Commission Report?  Are you now, or have you ever been, a member of the Bilderberg Group?  How do you plan on helping people struggling with crushing student loan debt?   Christ  How can you empathize with the working mother and father who truly  struggle ?  Isn't it true that CORPORATE GREED and FRAUD is the biggest burden on the US?  What kind of people will you surround yourself with to make the best decisions?  Why should we prioritize chasing terrorism over ensuring equal healthcare?  How would your administration deal with the rapidly growing Chinese economy?  How can our country afford tax cuts + afford infrastructure/military investments  Does the constitution make a health care a right to citizens? Non citizens?  What do you think about the current price of post high school education?  How is our system of government different from most nations?  Ask yourself how YOU would react to the injustices in government?  Why are the majority of MSM outlets biased and not transparent , $$$$$$$$?  Why is Congress refusing to pass legislation  for infrastructure?  WHO ARE THE 5 PEOPLE YOU WOULD SELECT AS SURPERM COURT JUDGES AND WHY  Would you support a return to local economies rather than global markets?  Are you stop paying Pakistan, Egypt for being US allies?   How do you stand on our Religious Rights?  If elected what is your detailed plan for lowering the  national debt, by when?  Is the Bill of rights a SUGGESTION made by the Nation's Founders ?  Must we put so many illegals & refugees on govt aid, clearly we cant afford it?  Would you promote the continual warming of relations with Iran? (Why?)  How do you plan on fixing the disaster of Obahma Care.  Would you be examined by neutral doctor and let test results go public?  What educational plan other than voucher or charter schools would you submit to  Did Haitians die because the American donations were embezzled or poorly spent?  Hundreds of millions think refugees and open borders are a huge problem! Do you?  Do You Support Investigations of Present and Past Leaderships, for Corruption  How will you work with both sides of the aisle if you are elected president?  What is more important the fight against ISIS or problems here in America?  Smoke and mirrors in elections...will you support a resume format and one ad?  What role should America play in brokering a peace deal between India-Pakistan?  Do you want people working for your administration smoking weed?   Describe your knowledge of CCSS. What changes if any would benefit kids and why?  Can you ensure everyone pays their proportion of income tax based on income?  Should the draft be reinstated?  How do you plan to deal with foreign oil?  What is your approach to foreign policy?  What country do you most admire for their society and system of government?  What was your favorite book as  a child?  What is your plan to grow the economy and why is it better than you opponent's?  Will you support s FULL Government AUDIT of the Current Leadership?  Do you support a Constitutional Revolution to PROTECT Our Civil Rights & Liberty  What is your stance on MOSQUES and SANCTUARY CITIES Being UNINVESTIGATED?  Why aren't the Russian cyber attacks on our sovereignty  considered act of war?   Do you have a plan on how to get the majority of the people on the same page?  How do you feel about the current stasis of race issues in America?  How will you handle Putin in his stoking WWIII Possiblity   What part does foreign contributions play to elected officials in the US?  Will You Support Building a Wall, With Support of High Tech Equipment to Aid BP?  Please explain your view of the right to protest?  DO YOU UNDERSTAND STUDENT LOAN DEBT IS OUT OF CONTROL, AND UNEMPLOYMENT UP,   Would you support mandating K-3 class sizes of 15:1 or smaller?  as POTUS, what would you do to settle the DAPL  issues?  How do you justify the steady lowering of corporate taxes over recent decades?  What would you do about Judicial oversight on a federal and local level?  What will you do to stop police violence?  Should the federal government require children to be vaccinated?  Will you work to bring jobs home from oversea and levy tax on those who don't?  How would you work toward implementing "The Declaration of Human Rights"?  What is your plan for education and why is it better than your opponent's?  What has our lack of border control done for people who are out of work?  Will you bring back Food Safety, Regulations, and Enforcement from IMPORTS?  Why do you believe Americans shouldn't be allowed a public option?  Why should the thieves of 2008 be less culpable than kids taking candy?  What is your position on criminal justice reform?   Does the fact that President Clinton was impeached for perjury bother you?  Please give us a GOOD reason to exclude 3rd candidates from the debates.   How would you deal with the expanding division between rural and urban America?  What will you do to protect our men police officers from being hurt in the riots  Please explain in detail how you will generate new manufacturing jobs in America  How do you improve Health in our population apart from improving Care ?  How will you support the U.S while also avoiding alienating our allies.  What are your top ten major accomplishments for the American people?  Before this year have you ever said something like "warm up the gas chambers?"  1st. Do you support "core"? 2nd. Do you support healthy food for our children?   Do you know why people don't trust you?  What will you do to earn their trust?  Do you Support Charter Schools?  What is your plan to deal with controversy of   abortion?  What is your position on a National Right to Work Law  How will you try to reduce the number of shooting deaths per year in the U.S.?  What do you cherish?  What will you do for girls and women in the U.S. and around the planet?  Which Pokemon would you choose as your starter and why?  Will you repeal the ACA, and replace it with something that will actually work?  What is your plan when it comes to the Bakken pipeline?   How would you change the defense budget if at all?  Will you Support Constitutional Laws on Illegal Immigrations and Visa Overstays?  Would you work to allow major 3rd party candidates to debate on the same stage?  Do you have a plan to address the influence of big money on government?  Do those wrongfully convicted deserve automatic restitution for their ordeals?  Will You Place a Task Force to INVESTIGATE Treason in the Current Government?  Do you Support Sharia Law, those Not Integrating  and Adhere to Constitution  Why does the Left always change the narrative about illegal immigration?    How would you balance healthcare affordability with healthcare quality?  Would you take actions to close tax loopholes advantageous to the rich?  How would you reform public education to meet future needs instead of testing?  Why should we trust you with the most important job in the world?  What steps would you take if a NATO member were attacked by a foreign military?  Why do customer service calls go to a foreign country when we need jobs here?  How will you combat the stigma around mental health?   What are you plans to help the homeless and poverty stricken?  What are the pro's and con's of "Trickle-Down" economics, would it work for us?  Are you aware that police gun down Americans in other cities besides Chicago?  With the WIKILeaks Revelations Should We Immediately Remove The Corruption in DC  Why should I vote when things like the DNC election fraud undermined democracy?   what is your plan to stop off-shoring IT jobs by big corp and save American jobs  What will you do to lower the cost of health insurance and prescription prices?  Would you ban political figures from having a private server while in office.  Do you feel America is being sold out first with land, resources - now internet?  What is your stance on government healthcare?  How will you be frugal with taxpayers' money?  Why is it important for you to be honest to the American people?  What will you do to address the barriers to equality suffered by Asian Americans  Which of Jesus' commandments is most important to you?  What reading material informs your thinking and offers inspiration/guidance?  Which of your opponent's ideas or policies will you work to implement?  Why are college educated whites leaving the Republican party?  What is your foreign policy plan and why is it better than your opponent's?  What would you do with interest rates concerning loans and consumer savings?  How should Title IX relate to on campus housing in regards to gender identity?  How do you describe "The American Dream?"  If elected, what would you do to reach out to those who didn't vote for you?  How would you minimize polarization of political debate over hot button issues?  What is your administration's position on allowing the birth control pill OTC?  What changes in government would be made to take us in the right direction?  What will you do to help implement a fairtax system?  What will you do too increase the value of the dollar?  How does the next president plan on fixing the "craziest thing ever" ObamaCare?   What is your environmental plan and why is it better than your opponent's?  Do you have any plans to help autistic children?  How will you be a Peacemaker at home and abroad?  Should Russia be removed from the UN Security Counsel?   How important do you believe a President should be as a moral leader ?  When and How will Autonomous cars be created for everyday use?  How do you feel about the current stasis of race issues in America?  Why do you think YOU should be the President of the United States of America?  What is your plan for infrastructure and why is it better than your opponent's?  How do you propose the TPP  & Paris agreement coexist for environmental good?  How will you foster a sense of unity among political views?  As President, how will you foster better communication with Congress?  Is American Culture racist? Should it change? Please explain.  Debt equity swaps to deal with our $20 Trillion debt   What is the main role of the US government?  How will you handle the aggressive expansion of a resurgent Russia?   How would you propose reducing Medicare fraud?  How do you propose to bridge energy needs with fossil fuel divestment?   What specific legislation would you promote to protect LGBTQA+ individuals?  How would you fix the obstructionism occurring in Congress?  Could are nation ever be trusted if we elect a corrupt and deceptive candidate?  How will you reverse the deplorable weakening of the US military forces?  How can anyone support women's rights when they attack victims of sexual abuse?  What is the Immigration and nationality act of 1952?   How do you plan to prevent further exploitation of civil rights issues by media?  What are your plans for the future of the United States space program?  Should sex harassment victims be subjected to attacks by the harasser's spouse?  Why has the federal government become so large and unwieldy?  What is your healthcare plan and why is it better than your opponent's?  What would you say to the undecided voters who want to stay home in November?  As president, would you work toward decreasing or eliminating college tuition?  What is the proper role of the federal government?   How can a govt of the people continously provide foreign aid when we need it?  What is your stance on the Wide Open Borders and NonEnforcement of Laws?  What will you do to make our government smaller and more manageable?  How did you decide whether or not to visit Ferguson while in St. Louis?  How would you help St. Louis achieve peace?  Will you, as President, pardon Edward Snowden  What is your position on the GPO-WEP issue and the recent SS Fairness Act?  How you intend to drive support from a populous that dislikes you?  How would you address the overrepresentation of Black youth in special education  What will u do abt big pharma dr's over prescribing opioids & feeding addictions  Why are candidates that are on the ballot for President missing from the debate?  What would you say to the Americans that say you are both unfit for presidency?  What is your plan to improve the military? Why is it better than your opponent's  How would you reform student aid, assuring quality education w/o crushing debt?  W/O referencing your opponent, what would you say to children watching tonight?  Will you ensure foreign gov&corp are not financing USA campaigns?  Have artificially low interest rates set by FED hurt savers and pension funds?  Libraries play a vital role in our country.  How will you support them?  Do you agree that Americans know best how to spend their own money?  Do you believe Climate change is real? If so, how will TPP help?  How can current trade "deals"? be renegotiated?  What will you do to keep the government from taking pensions away from retirees   How will you work to reunite our nation after this very polarized election?  What would you do to solve cheap labor benefits verses inner city poverty?  What would you say to people who became citizens the legal way?  How will you make health insurance premiums affordable for the average household  Besides water boarding, what torture techniques will you authorize? Be specific.  Can you name 3 Constitutional amendments, and their significance to our country?  what is tour plan to ease Puerto Rico's dire economic situation?   As President, would you fully support Israel's right to exist?   What is your plan to protect children from gun violence in schools?  What will you do about horse slaughter. Will you pass  actS.1214 &H.R.1942  What will you do to ensure access to healthcare for everyone in America?  What will you do to combat discrimination against LGBTQIA citizens?  What specific changes to the tax code would you make to simplify the process?  What does "equal justice under the law" mean?  How could increasing taxes ever spur economic growth?  What is your plan for border security and why is it better than your opponent's?  How can we improve our infrastructure without increasing federal debt?   Do you support bankruptcy protection and statute of limitations on student loans  What do the presidential candidates think about making marijuana legal?   UFOs poll higher than either of you...  What is and how will you address the #1 domestic issue facing your presidency?  What will you do to correct the problems between minority groups and the police?  How will you protect the 6th amendment's right to legal counsel?  How will your charitable foundations change how they conduct business?  18 U.S. Code 2071 has been violated . Will you uphold this law?  Specifically, how will you close tax loopholes, like real estate developers.  What do you think should be done to protect American Agriculture?  How will you address the national debt, while preserving social programs?  How will you help the working poor?  If elected, how will you go forward with gun rights?   Please define what a terrorist attack is and how will you protect us from them?   How do you feel about increasing the minimum wage?  What do you plan to do for disabled war veterans?  What will you do to help keep our law enforcement safe?  If all our enemies do acts of aggression will you shoot them? China? Russia?  Would you support a "moonshot" program for a renewable fossil fuels substitute?  How can you ensure minorities will receive equal education as their counterparts  Do you believe the nation of Israel should give up land for peace ?   What innovative ways will you combat child sex abuse and sex trafficking?  Would you keep the terms of the Iranian deal, modify the deal, or scrap it?  As President, how would you try to ease the national debt?  How do you feel about lowering the cost of college education?  How would you address college debt?  How should driverless cars be regulated?  What is your plan to decrease the spread of radical Islam within the US.  How will you consider the costs caused by pollution when enacting regulations.   Would you support a Const. Amendment that sets Presidential  info standard?  What is your positions  on having uniform voting laws in all 50 states.  Do you support the the expansion of libel to prosecute those in the media?  The amount of money spent on campaigns seems to be outrageous.  Solutions?  Are you concerned about the national dedt?  How did you get rich?  What are your thoughts on Pay to Play campaign contributions?   Are you in favor of fact checking your statements while in this debate?  What would you do in the event of continued government gridlock?  What makes you the best candidate to handle the unpredictable world we live in?   What is your tax plan and why is it better than your opponent's?  Would you support a return to small farms over big corporations?  Would free college work? If you support it what would you do to make it happen?  Should reality TV gimmicks be used to decide the Presidency?  What would you do to simplify the tax code?  Will you open & fund such an account for every child born in America?  Would you require drug testing for people on welfare programs?  Do you favor religious freedom resortation (RFRA) laws   How will you help society & government adapt to rapid technological changes?  How will you bridge the health insurance gap?  Willing to release a possible list of supreme Court nominees.?  How will raising the minimum wage affect those presently in the "middle class"?  Medicine prices have increased, but I am retired and not receive raise   How does your Christian faith inform your personal stance on abortion and why?  What is your stance on vaccines?  What work of fiction best describes your leadership philosophy?  What can government do to expand opportunities for early childhood education?   How do you plan to address the rising costs of college tuition?  If rich people create jobs, why is the middle class not sharing in our wealth?   What actions will you take to address the growing college student debt?  Do you believe in using Executive Orders if Congress becomes a roadblock to you?  Why should we believe that your plan will reduce the deficit?  Without the TPP how do you propose the USA increase it's soft power in Asia?  Will you pass Tort reform?  How will you enable all Americans to participate in our technological society?   How will you ensure that child care fosters proper social-emotional development?  What specific solutions would you put in place concerning systemic racism?  What would you do as President to better protect people of color?   What tax loophole hurts the middle class the most? What new policies can help?  Why should I trust that you will represent my rights-regardless of demographics  How will you obtain funding to decrease illegal immigration?  Is Saudi Arabia truly an ally of the United States?  Will you agree to forego your pay as President?  Should the 14th Admendment be changed to: All persons born to citizens or .....?  What will you do to revise the current affordable healthcare plan?  How can we protect Religious Freedom, and guaranteeing rights to LBGTQ Communit?  How do you increase higher education graduation rates and ensure college success  What makes you think you are like me and the common American?   With Regards to EPA and IRS will you implement reduced Regulations and taxes?  Do either of you plan on legalizing the recreational use of marijuana?  Will you enforce separation of church & state?  If elected President how do you clean up the FBI and the DOJ.  Why should DC prosper by bleeding the rest of us dry?  How do you plan to protect our citizens from police brutality?  How will you improve education for children of color?  How will you protect workers from the labor practices of their employers?  why is any business' income taxed?  Why should we trust you with classified information?  Why has there been no mention about science funding, particularly to NIH & NSF?  Whats a policy Obama implemented that you agree with & 1 that you disagree with?  Do you support banning 2nd Amendment Rights based on suspicion?  Should young girls share locker rooms with transgender students?  When was the last time that you, by your own admission, were wrong?  Do you support the decision to exclude Jill Stein and Gary Johnson from debate?  How will you work to improve literacey among students and adults?   What exactly is your plan for dealing with our open borders?   What Will You Do To Insure That Our Nation Stays One Nation Under God?  What would you do to better the environment besides promote renewable energy?  Do you believe in common core? Why?  What would you change in education system?  Are you willing to cut oil subsidies and use that on clean energy incentives?   Will you commit to reinvesting in river locks & dams infrastructure?    How will you help people displaced by climate change & address climate change?  What are your plans to reduce preventable care cost using personalized medicine?  Do you support doing away with the anchor baby amendment?  What will you do to unleash the power of prevention in behavioral care?   How will you protect the lives of vulnerable children from family violence?  What is your experience in creating jobs, and in managing a budget?  What is 1 example of your own public service that you take particular pride in?   Do you support school choice?  Where is your stance on organized labor unions and the future of said unions ?  What area would you set aside as our 59th national park?  What are your thoughts on the #NoDAPL movement in North Dakota?   What price do you put on maintaining good water, soil, and air quality?  What specifically will do to close the wealth/income inequality gap, if elected?  Why do you support or oppose a national database of gun owners?   What is your view on the current state of gerrymandering in the US?  Do you believe common core is taking too much out of the hands of teachers?  How will you dismantle the school-to-prison pipeline & foster learning for all?  What will you do to ensure that no American children experience homelessness?  The Pentagon believes that climate change is a threat, do you?  4 people have access to enough electoral votes to win. Why are only 2 here?  What will you do to ensure that everyone has health coverage & access to care?  Can you recognize a classified document? If so, when did you learn to to do so?  How do you plan to support the mental health needs of our youth and adolescents?  How would you entice congressional members to do their jobs?  In layman's terms, what do you consider to be the purpose of the 2nd Amendment?  How will you fix mass incarceration & its effects in American communities?  Do you believe we should pick and choose immigrants that will benefit the US?  How will you reduce the tax burdon on the middle class who struggle to make it.  How do you define "paying your fair share" of taxes?  What will you do to break the internet monopoly hurting Americans?  Is it time to name who these "terrorists" are?  How are you going to protect me from illegal immigrants?  Health Insurance isn't covering the amount common people need What is your plan?  What should be done when State Dept. doesn't respond to calls for more security?  What issue facing America do you feel does NOT require a government solution?  Will you give students back their right to declare bankruptcy on student debt?   What is policy regarding "Sanctuary Cities" receiving federal funding:  HOW do you plan to bring back American jobs?  How would you address the fire and radioactive waste at West Lake Landfill  What will you do as president to address the 1000 % increase in CEO pay ?  How does someone not end up in prison for putting national security at risk?  America First means jobs for Americans before immigrants  Will you strengthen America's investment in science?  Would you consider repealing the Electoral College?   What is your plan to combat climate change & build a green economy? 
Has either candidate ever snorted cocaine?  Would you set time limits to entitlements, and require repayment?  In what ways does our international relationships affect our national security?  Science versus layman "common sense"  Would you consider black lives matter a terrorist group?   Do you support an open border policy?   How will you ensure the government serves and represents it's people?  What is your specific plan for family leave? How will you implement? Who pays?  What are your feelings about conscription?  How would you embrace the 'New Climate Economy' both in the US & abroad ?  Would you call for FDA regulation of medical marijuana in states where its legal  Would you support having any prospective teachers take a firearms safety class .  Do you support the TPP giving corporations the right to overrule our sovereignty  Do you think it's a good idea to take in Syrian and other refugees?   In what circumstances is discrimination  acceptable?  Should politicians face the same consequences for mishandling of classified info  What will you do to repair our broken prison system?  Do you think that attacks on police officers should be a hate crime?   Will you support a plan to convert the US to 100% renewable energy by 2050?  Do you believe that all lives matter? Do you think blue lives matter?   What issue have you changed your mind on, and why did you change your mind?  how would you identify & reach a sustainable population size for the US & world?  Is it true that "War is a Racket"?  How did you make your millions?  Do you have a plan to get coal towns and coal workers help with new jobs .  Plans for updating buildings/infrastructure for modern public education needs.  What specific initiatives do you propose to increase US employment rate?   What is your plan for implementing the Paris Climate Accord?  How will you fight growing terrorism by ISIS loyalists as Boko Haram and others.  Will we ever be able to stop protecting other countries with our military forces  Why are government officials allowed to waste American lives with incompetence?  How do you plan to recover the $8.5 trillion missing from the Pentagon budget?  How do you plan on recovering the %8.5 trillion missing from the Pentagon budget  Do you accept the evidence presented presented by scientists of the NAS?  What would you do to prevent banks like Wells Fargo from hurting consumers?  Are you a neocon? Why do neocons still hold so much influence on foreign policy?  Candidates, have either of you at any time mishandled sensitive gov information?  If elected, will you make any attempt to bring about "The Green New Deal"?  What is your endgame for the war on terror? Do you see any end at all?  Do you support the reinstatement of Country of Origin Labeling for beef? 
If you were the president what is your goal bring our jobs back to our country?   Should we continue to support terrorists in Syria?  If you lose what do you plan to do with your unspent campaign contributions?  Who is your favorite foreign leader and why?  What is your position on the RFS and the ethanol industry?  What are we going to do about minimum wage?   How will you support academic research, the foundation of our superpower status?  Are you a socialist?  Will you take my guns away?  How do you plan to help disadvantaged kids get the training need for good jobs?  Will you swear on a Bible?  Why were we all lied to about the cause of the Benghazi attack?   Can you give scientific proof life does not begin at conception?  What will you do to counter the overwhelming distrust of politics as usual?  In what ways have you used 21st Century Skills in your interactions this year?  Should 501(c)(3) nonprofits who violate the Johnson Amendment be exempt taxes?  What are the top 3 reasons new and first-time voters should vote for you?  In what ways have you used 21st Century Skills in your interactions this year?  If you are elected, can you work across the isle without bitterness?  The U.S. is constantly being threatened, Is a strong national defense important?  Should State Legislatures consider beginning the Article V amendment process?   What are the values you would like to have had you presidency nurture?  Are you willing to put the needs of the population above personal affiliations?  Are you familiar with the Fair Tax?  Do you support it?  What work-family policies do you propose to help working parents and caretakers?  What would you change or keep about the ACA, and why?  Is it moral for the US to continue to entice underage kids into waging its wars?  How do we fix our broken immigration system?  will you concede graciously to the candidate who wins this election?  What would you do to stop the corrupting influence of money in politics?  How would you change our flawed immigration system?  Do you support the continuation of the drone war?  What can you do to make us trust in you?  Is religious freedom a justified reason to discriminate against others?    Are we a nation of peace or a nation of war?  Regarding the fiscal crisis in Kansas, what are your plans on the debt?  Please name a power appointed to the President by the Constitution.  Explain your views on immigration related to the legal versus the illegal.  How will you address racial and cultural healthcare disparities in the US?  What will you do to repeal the illegal and destructive executive orders?  In your opinion, has the War on Terror been worth the cost?  What will you do for the public school budget?  How does a Civil Servant earn in excess of $200 million during their career?  would you support   why has Social Security not received a cost of living raise since 2010  How will you tackle the Opiod Crisis without infringing on those who need them?    How would you assist an ally if they suffered a terrorist attack?  Agriculture is facing serious economic problems with prices below cost to grow.  Given voter fraud is not an issue, what purpose do Voter ID's serve?  How much should one individual be able to donate to a candidate, party, or PAC?  Should a federally elected position be subject to drug screening?  Non-biased Debate Forum  What is the specific difference between an unborn child at term and a newborn?  How will you protect the due process rights of those on terror watch lists?  What is your plan to address crony capitalism and corruption in government?  With all the oil spills happening , what is your stand on the big oil corp., suc  Do you believe that all United States laws should be followed. (Oath of Office)  What would be your criteria for intervening in foreign conflicts?  Do you support eliminating the wage base limit for Medicare and Social Security?  Illegal immigration is against the law, enforce the law, do you agree?  If elected how will you rid Washington of special interest lobby groups? 
 Can you change the FCCs news distortion policy into law?  Other than immigration, what issue is your next concern in the Latino community?  What will you do to support research on uncureable diseases like ALS, MS etc.   How will people on limited income be affected if minimum wage goes to $15/hr.   What do you really know about being a prisoner of war?  What will you do to support police and stop the war on police?    Why does the FCC allow media bias  Do you support Proposition 47 in San Francisco -- to lessen crowding in jails?  Do you support the "Single-Payer Health Care -- Public Option"?   What is your plan to build trust and goodwill, and maintain peace with Russia?  What is your plan to build trust and goodwill, and maintain peace with China?  Busing worked. Would you consider integrating schools?  If a wall is built to stop illegal entry, couldn't they come thru the gates?  Why is economic performance consistently better under democratic presidents?  Should there be a federal Prop 187 type bill?  How could TV news help fight against ignorance, intolerance and indifference?  Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said, "Tears have no color"... Do you agree?  Why did the US not provide more support to the democratic Arab Spring?   What are your top 5 things to sign into effect in the first 30 days on the Job?  Would stop blm from selling land and rounding up wild horses, for slaughter  Service Dogs under ADA do you think they should have to wear a SD vest  How will you work with Congress to be more responsive to the citizens of USA?  Can you explain the danger of disclosing classified information to terrorists?  Would you require cumulative cost-benefit analyses for all regulations?  How would you use scientific evidence to improve policies on gun control?   Would you Ammend any part of the Constitution? If so, what would you change?  Should health insurance companies be listed on the New York Stock Exchange?  How important is funding of basic scientific research? Please give ONE example.  Why are Open borders for our country different than open borders at my house?  Why is doubling the US pop from 300m to 600m by the turn of the century good.  Do you consider paying no taxes a smart thing and should we all to do same.  What have you learned in the last 10 years that you didn't in the first 60?  Would it be reasonable to pay the President and members of Congress $2M/year?  Why can't you spend time talking about the issues instead of the dirt you find?  How will you advance a comprehensive practice of equality?  Do you believe in stating a candidate's family history in debates?  How will you move the climate change debate forward?  How well do you think you relate to ordinary common people?  Do you believe a Muslim American, Citizen of the US could run for president?    What is the worst choice you've ever made? And what did you learn from it?  How will you insure social security does not run out?  How can you expect the American people to trust either of you as their President  How will you work to reform our outdated and ineffective education system?  Women comprise more than half of the electorate. Why should women vote for you?   What can we do besides using Military force to defeat Terror groups like ISIS?  What specific news media do you consider to be generally reliable and fair.   Would you support the complete ending of all welfare and transitioning to a NIT?  Why are are we being militarily confronted on several fronts?  We are facing a plethora of troubling issues,but two are dire/life-threatening.  What will you do to address climate change with the release of new evidence.  Why are the platforms of the US Communist Party identical to the Democrat Party?  How does inciting racial division help the Democrat a Party?  How would you lead insuring our enemies fear us and our friends respect us?  Please tell me how much you would pay under your Tax Plan? How much would I pay?  Should presidents act a representatives of popular will or lead as a trustee  Why are their no other candidates on the debate stage?  Do you feel the presidential & congressional election process needs change?  How will you integrate new refugees/immigrants into US culture?  How will you build & support the Peace Corps and other national service?   With all the recent attention regarding tax exemptions, do you think a flat tax  90% of workplace deaths are men, what will be done to equalize this?  Did you pay your fair share of taxes?  How did the housing crisis affect you personally?  Should the last 8 years be considered a foreign policy success? If so, how?   Should the US help people who are being murdered by thier own government & or IS  Do you like or dislike fact-checking news sites.   Should the ability to pay to get the job of diplomat, among others being stopped  Which of you political supporters are you willing to disavow.   How will you help protect the elderly who must still work in order to survive  What are the greatest achievements of your charitable foundations?  Why do you feel that you can relate to the difficulties of middle class?  Where do you stand on the BDS movement?  How do you translate the First Amendment, particularly regarding to religion?  What are you going to do to end our use of fossil fuel on day one of your term?  Schools in wealthier neighborhoods often receive better funding. Is that fair?  Why has the US been in wars & military conflicts for most of her existence?  Public school teachers are often accused of being ineffective. Do you agree?  What do you think is the foremost role of the Vice President?  What would you do if our enemies launched nukes  How open are you to having and listening to interdisciplinary science advisers?  Should presidential candidates be required to meet minimum qualifications?  Would you call Israel a Jewish state?  For each, what is the cost of a loaf of bread and a gallon of milk? Be specific.  Please comment on the other two presidential candidates.  When is it justifiable to overthrow the leader of another country?  Will you submit and attest to a complete listing of your foreign involvements?,  Will you under your administration require drug screening for anyone on wellfare  How are we suppose to trust that you will bring jobs in, when you send jobs out.  How would your economic policy differ from Obama's? Would you lower taxes?  Taxes are useless w/o Gov accountability, define your stance on  accountability.  What will you do to raise disability income throughout all 50 states?  What are your views on the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development?  Would you cut congresses wages to pay back into social security.    How are we to  eliminate ISIS?  Balancing the budget/federal spending  why do we attack terrorists abroad yet import them here as refugees?  How will you address urgent lack of resource facing people with mental illness?   What is your plan to address transportation infrastructure?  How have you helped out minorities and women? Please give specific examples.   Do you support the 2nd amendment   How will you regulate the media from their extreme propaganda  journalism   What is specific plan to change health care?   Would you agree to be tested for a mental health evaluation?  Will you work to get money out of politics and if so, how will you do it?  will you commit to Ending the rape kit backlog within your first 90 days?  Will the candidates sign a bill to privatize Medicare?  Should Americans serving on behalf of the US be protected when serving overseas.  Do you support God being mentioned in public?  Should schools that accept tax dollars be able to discriminate?  Who's ready/willing to end ALL fossil fuel prod. immed/no pipelines/fracking, et  Will you stand up for Israel in the UN?  Should birth countries of illegal immigrants be charged a migration fee?  Do you support Universal Health care for all citizens?  What will you do to end the use of the failing Common Core National Standards?  Elaborate on improving Americans health with your policy plans for healthcare.   Will you re-write the requirements to receive government help for ex. welfare?  What will you do to make college education more affordable for the middle class?  Do you plan to  use evidence based scientific data to make policy decisions?  will you stop selling OUR land and MASSACRING OUR WILDLIFE?  Would you be willing to impose an immigration moratorium to benefit Americans?  Why are we paying so much taxpayer money to support illegal aliens?  Are current immigration ppolcies undermining national security?     How do you resolve Muslim's desire for Sharia law when it violates our laws?  How would you ensure access to abortion regardless of someones income level? 
Should events affecting you from years back reflect who you are now and why?  What are the good things happening today that benefit everyone?  Do you think law enforcement jobs should be awarded on merit only?  BILL CLINTON said obamacare is built on a crazy model. Why do you support or not  If people don't pay taxes, how can the country survive?  How will you gain the respect of the public and those that work in government?  Why should we trust that you have our best interests at heart?  What is your position on women and how they are treated and have been treated by  Mexico takes no responsibility for economic growth that will help its people.  How will you aid those who were just devastated by Hurricane Mathew?  Would you nominate justices who would  respect the work of the legislature?  Do you support the defunding of Planned Parenthood?  What do you believe was the objective of the 9/11 attacks?   How will you ensure that more Americans participate in primary elections?  Why is low self worth & esteem resulting from Government handouts not discussed  How do tax laws influence economic growth and the creation of jobs?  How would you best use Martin Shkreli's genius intellect to better the USA?  What do you believe is the impact of workplace sexual harassment?  What kind of campaign finance reforms would you like to see?  What would be the mans punishment for his sexual partner having an abortion  Is death by Executive fiat Ethical?  There are uncounted amounts of taxable funds held in foreign, blind accounts.  Do you agree with Gary Kasparov that Vladimir Putin must be stopped?  New issues and challenges will arise that are not covered in your policy stances  What should the US do, if anything, to stop the war in Syria?  Did you take every legal deduction on your federal taxes, provided by IRS rules?  Will you support constitutional carry in every state with no ltc?  A study found adoption of new legislation is unrelated to citizens' preferences  What will you do to put a stop to Illegal immagrants that are in this country?  Would you support US snap elections to enforce real government. accountability?   Would you veto the 2015 Agreement with Iran since it mirrors 1938 Nazi pact.    What do you propose to do about funding for arts organizations like symphonies?  How will you fix predatory Student Loan Lending  Do you clear / simple labeling of G.M.O. food products?  How do you plan to fight the Zika Virus? there are now 3565 cases in the US  Would you create a domestic volun-teer work force similar to the Peace Corps?  Do you believe that Common Core has dumb down our students here in America?  Do you agree with Newt Gingrich - should the NIH budget be doubled?  What steps would you take in your first 6 months to deal with the issue of clima  Henry Kissinger, George Shultz, Sam Nunn, and William Perry have all proposed    What would you tangibly do to address economic inequities facing LGBTQ people?  What is the US responsibility to the immigrants fleeing war in the Middle East?  Would you support laws that would do away with "right to work" policies?  If Putin tried to annex any East European country by force, what would you do.   What programs or policies would you enact to protect clean water for all.  If elected,  what one issue would you want today's children to remember you for?  Do you support the federal legalization or declassification of marijuana?  What weight will you place on scientific inquiry vs. public opinion?  Will you support reform for Title IV & related laws that are separating families  Will you end Corporate Welfare that subsidizes Big Oil and other big companies? 
What you you do to stopped the desertion of immigrant kids to leave school?   Have you ever paid for a woman's abortion?  Which parts of the Constitution would you curtail to ensure our safety?  How are you going to keep this country from economic failure?  What would you do to increase voter turn out during  local & national elections?  How do you balance the conflict between environmental policy and infrastructure?  How would you get anything done in a divided country with a do-nothing conhress?  Should Silicon Valley companies be concentrated along the famed Ring of Fire?  What is the most important reason why you want to be the president?  Do you envision a role for your daughter somewhere in your administration?  What do you think each of your parties stand for?  Would you support requiring criminal background checks for all gun sales?  What is your opinion on lobbies?  Who are we(Moral Compass)?  What are the three branches of the United States government?  Make Atlantic City, NJ great again !  What perjury type punishment you would agree to in case of broken promises?  Should a Presidential Candidate's Finances and Tax History be TRANSPARENT?  Use your past actions to prove you understand the plight of the lower class.  Do you support an independent Medical exam for all candidates to be mandatory>?  How will you protect women in this country from crime?  Isn't  allowing citizenship to  illegal immigrants rewarding criminal behavior?  Would you support a change in our electoral and debate processes?  What do you plan to decrease the 30-40yrs GC wait time for Legal working class  Tell us how you will protect all of our females from rapists and monsters.  What is your position on Pakistan? Will you reset the relationship? How?  What is your stance on increasing the firing of educators?  When did you know you wanted to run for President?  Shouldn't there be a requirement of minimum years of public service and results?  Taxes on the middle class are too high. Specifically how would you lower them?  How can we support global innovation without merely exporting US tech & money?  What do you like most about your opponents economic plans?  What's your position on Social Security & "OBamaCare"?  If your grandkids sought a life in the public service arena, would you approve?  Why are only rich people elected to federal government office?  Should the AG or a special prosecutor investigate high officials or pres & vp ?  Should the gov't be allowed to investigate itself or a spec  prosecutor appointd  Who will you side with during Bexit ?  EU Countries or the UK ?  Do you support excessive inter-generational wealth transfers?  What is your position on extortion-level rental practices?  Why you?  Would you support a Bill put before Congress granting Reparations for Slavery?  What are your opponents best qualifications? How are you better?  would either or both of you submit to psychological counseling?   Should schools and classrooms  reflect the increasing diversity of our nation?  Are you a career politician or a political outsider, and why does your experienc  Middle class and taxes   Do you think government regulations are too complex and bureaucratic?   How will you keep robotrading from threatening global market stability?  How specifically will you fight Corruption in Government & prosecute them?  How can our country and elections be assured that our media is unbiased?   You've apologized to the public, have you apologized to your victims?  How will you develop and promote nonviolent strategies to solve world problems?  Why is America obsessed with guns?  How would you suggest that we halt the permanent campaign?  How will big plans be carried out   What would do if you had the chance to do good with decent chances of terrible?  Declining Jobs. What would you do?  How do you stop the violence and negative living environment in communities ?  Why, with America's ingenuity, can't we build a machine that can clean the air?  How will they ensure Americas financial future with the RMBs activation into SDR  As president of the United States what will you do to adress mental healthcare?  How will you protect America's most secret information?  name three things that you will do to help seniors  Would you consider support of overturning Citizens United?  If you become president, what would you want the world to remember you by later?  What actions are you planning to take in order to close the wage gap?  How will you control the escalating % of the budget allocated to "entitlements"?  If abortion was illegal and womean chose to get an abortion, why no consequences  What is your opinion regarding the naturalization process?   Would you support expanded public funding + limits on donation amounts  How will you reform education in America?  what is your plan to tackle rogue nations who gave shelter to Bin Laden.  What will you do to secure the American economy and debt?  What is the best compliment you have ever received and who gave it to you?  specifically, what can ve done to stop the 1% from getting massive tax breaks?  Show us you want to be POTUS for altruistic reason rather than personal gain?  How would you protect the rights of an American born Muslim?   Do you consider Edward Snowden and his likes to be patriots or traitors?  What aspects of the economy do you think the government should have control over  Will you promise to not allow TTP and/or TISA   Do you think you are a role model for Americans and the free world?   Do you support Comprehensive  Press/Media Reform?  How are you going to support job growth for recent college graduates?  Would you use nuclear weapons?  What are you going to do with those healthcare provider?  How much money did the candidates INHERIT from your family?  Should Pell Grant be held for preventing freedom of speech on college campuses  What are the specific measurements we should judge your programs succcess  We value family opinions naturally, how will you not lineate precedence?  The United States owes $20 trillion. Where did it all go?   How will your administration approach transparency on its internal processes?  Do you think a judge is incapable of being objective due to his/her heritage?  Shall we continue to defend Saudi Arabia  What is your favorite Constitutional Amendment and why?  Israel's military gets $10M of our tax$ daily. Why is this a top priority?  When will US initiate steps of statehood for Puerto Rico?   Why hasnt the U.S.  ratified the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea. And what   Would commit to making employment rate higher for blacks than whites in 5 years.  How and with what should we replace ACICS?  What do you predict will happen to the economy if the Fed Chair resigns?  Why have we adopted all 10 planks of communist manifesto.  Do you support a federal ban on conversion or "reparative" therapy?   Will you show civility before the election?  Is economic inequality an issue that can be a threat to America's future?   How would you improve our public schools?   What would happen if a Chinese company buys Google or Amazon?  what is your take on gun control  if elected as president how would you deal with pakistan?   How aggressively should the U.S. pursue a space program in the coming decades?  Could you describe in detail your thoughts of a good president in the future?   Global Cooling, Global Warming, Now its Climate Change - Will you stop this BS?  Where do you stand regarding the black lives blue lives matter movements?  Why does college cost so much?   Do you support a flat tax or consumption tax over our current corrupt tax system  Why do you think that people don't believe that you are honest and trustworthy?  How will you eliminate the power of the  oligarchy running our country?  Do you support govt. grants for research that question cause of climate change?  Do you support creating laws to protect against viewpoint discrimination?  Dual healthcare:  personally taxed Single Payer or personally paid insurance?  How important are treaties, alliances and written agreements that the US makes?W  Will you revoke tax-exempt status of churches covering for child sex offenders?  Why are my tax dollars funding Israel's apartheid state?  What gives any politician the right to demean an entire group of people?  How would you address low pay and job insecurity issues in education?  What will you do to stimulate the economy?  I'm still hesitant to whom I should elect. Why should I choose you?  if you believe zygote is life, and I believe it's a potential life why impose   Will your National Security Council include early opponents of the Iraq War?  Would you build a wall on the United States/Mexico border?  Without using legal double talk did you lie to the American people.  How will you help the middle class and parents trying to make ends meet   Do you feel that gender is binary or runs on a continuum?   How will you ensure the 2nd amendment is protected?  Do you have the courage to tax the Derivatives Market?  Do you believe that political campaigns should only be publicly funded  Should candidates be required to pass a mental health examination to serve?  Do you believe the 1st ammendment  supersedes Pro LGBT legislation?  Please stop the nonsense. We, the American people, deserve more from you.  What policies will you implement to increase household income?  Would you maintain the We the People online petition platform?  How can you be effective working with Congress?  Why should the CIA make us pay 50% more to do business with Jeff Bezos?  Should abortion be legal?  If education is a vital part of children's lives then how will you overhaul it   Do you think candidates should be disqualified for using demeaning, degrading   How would you improve America's image in the world, if elected?  How can we make higher education more attainable to the average American?  Would you remove Columbus Day in favor of Indigenous Peoples Day?  How would you reassess the US' approach to the Israel-Palestine conflict?  Would you support setting a Min. Fed. Tax for EVERYONE above $500,000 gross Inc?  Can we tax companies and their CEOs using an alternative to profits/losses?  If I own my home should my air rights supersede those of a drone operator?  how will you help open the minds & hearts of the public to embrace all humankind  Where do you stand on AFFH and what's the proof of the racial bias.  Do you believe the Bretton Woods system should be in place indefinitely?  Why it is not legal for an employer to have speaking Spanish as a requirement  What will you do to address unemployment and discrimination against felons?  Charter schools are great, but those not lucky enough suffer. How do you fix it?  Is the American public best served by only having two parties to debate?  Should there be any limits on free expression? If so, what should they be?  What is your plan to make Higher Education affordable OR Free?  How should the US respond to terrorist acts perpetrated by homegrown actors?  Does the level of  'anti-establishment' support represent a broader frustration?  Regarding military actions and foreign policy strategies. See supporting text.  Raising the minimum wage creates more customers thus jobs, Do you support this?   Can you suggest of a way that this site could keep your staff away from here.  How can we rebuild public trust in and support for globalization, in US/abroad?  What would you do to help increase adoption of foster care children in the USA?  What will you do to enable all senior citizens to have health insurance?     Do you support wrap-around services for at-risk children ages 0-10?  Important? How spouse's actions affected you or your actions affected spouse(s)?  How should the government respond to epoch weather catastrophes?   How will you mend the relationship of the police and civilians   As a student in High School, I'm wondering how YOU will become president?  Is there any topic which you think your opponent is more qualified to manage?  Would you put a limit on campaign spending for presidential candidates?   Is economic inequality an issue that can be a threat to America's future?   How does each candidate plan to prevent global warming and keep the Earth safe?  Would you support an Article V convention of the states?  Define for the voters exactly what the economic theory of trickle-down" is?  What is the first thing you would do in office and why?  How do you plan to help improve K-12 education, the most overlooked area?  What would u do if Russia moves into a Baltic state on January 20, 2017  Do you support giving African Americans reparations reparations and for slavery?  Do you plan on placing any regulations or limitations on the media?  What is your plan to address areas of concern in the education system?  Should funding stop to a Executive Dept for non compliance as DOE has to schools  Should Google and Amazon have perpetual control over top level WWW domain names?  What are your plans to reduce the student debt and the costs for college?   Why are interest rates so high on student loans if they are basically risk free?  What will you do to show support for our brave Law Enforcement Officers?  Have you ever done anything illegal?  Do you think the period of 1981-1989 was a period of strong economic growth?  What will you do about the drug issue in America?  Do you support a balanced budget amendment?   How will you increase renewable energy, which has no fuel costs?  Do your plans to strengthen our military  include reinstating the draft?  How will you do to stop Putin when he invades the next country?  When were you last convinced to change your mind by someone from the opposition?  Why do you spend all the time at the first debate trashing each other?  What 5 specific federally funded programs would you eliminate?  Should fact-checking in real time during debates become standard procedure?  Well  How will you bring more jobs back to America?  Are you in favor of the Law of the Sea treaty proposed by the United Nations?   What would you do to reduce the humanitarian toll in Syria; Alepoo in particular  How do you intend to address the growing shortage of potable water?   How would you balance the budget and reduce the federal debt without raising tax  Will you honor the plans to change the dollars bills to include women?  How will you address the women's rights / religious freedom balance?  Does the president have or should have a significant impact on job creation?  What will be do not e to curtail mass shootings by the mentally ill and/or ISIS  Shouldn't we improve existing infrastructure before automating it?  What are you willing to take a stand on even if it is unpopular?  Would a no fly zone in Syria cause conflict with Russia?  How would you have dealed with the Cincinnati Zoo incident?  Why do you believe that you always have to be right about everything?  What would you do to ensure that a sexual assault victim's case is investigated?  Would you support US Postal Service offering banking services?  Will you support a legislation that requires  candidates to release tax returns?  Would you issue exec order ban on face covering burkas to protect nat'l security  Do you believe that there is a superior race?  You will be surrounded by experts to advice you on foreign policies and military  Selfdriving trucks may put 3M ppl out of jobs. How do u plan to deal with that?  Who will run your organization if you are elected?   What would you say to someone who defines "race" as a social construct?  How would you specifically enhance cyber-security beyond current policies?  What current world leader do you admire the most?  Do you believe in using a draft for military service?  What is your explicit policy on Hispanic and Muslim immigration?  Name some loopholes that you understand in the tax system and how to fix them?  What is your opinion and policy on Saudi Arabia?  Which war will we end first, the War on Terror or the War on Drugs?  How will you keep our children from being taught by mathematical illiterates?  Would you support Impact assessments on all pending legislation going forward?  Who signed the NAFTA Agreement?  Who are our enemies?   Where do you stand on the planned parent hood issue and free birth control?   Do you plan to close the real estate loophole in the tax code?  If yes, how?  What will you do to eliminate Islamophobia in our country?   If free college is "pie in the sky", how is billions for Israel affordable?  What is your position on The Patriot Act and domestic surveillance?   What is your stance regarding the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act?   What are your public service qualifications to be President of the United States  How  we make sure to keep the politics out of DOJ, that justice is equal for all  How will you help to slow global warming and the greenhouse effect?  What will you do to ensure the right of every citizen to vote in every election?  What is your position on "Black Lives Matter" supporting a Boycott of Israel?  How do you assure the competing rights of religous and secular groups  How would you prevent terrorist expanding into other countries.   Do you believe that the father should have say in abortion cases?  What would be your criteria for appointing a Supreme Court justice?  Do you think the media is biased?  If so is it twords you?  Former President Bill Clinton calls Obamacare "the craziest thing in the world".  What will you do with creating more jobs with rising incomes?  Do you support eliminating citizenship based taxation and FATCA?  What would you do as POTUS to enable innovation based on blockchain technology?  What will you do to reverse the course of American society becoming an Oligarchy  Healthcare companies make money by denying healthcare. Why not Medicare for all?  Can either of you explain how selling US Uranium to Russia is in our best intere  What are your thoughts on the Patriot Act and what if any changes would you make  How will you handle the destabilization and rapid radicalization of the mideast?  What will you do to prevent the islamification of America?   How will you tackle the use of illegal drugs and misuse of prescription drugs?  How do you plan to reduce the number of cancer deaths?  Politicians say the wealthy should pay their fair share.What is that # exactly?  What % is fair for the rich to pay? They already pay most of the taxes collected  What do you think the minimum wage should be?  How will you improve America's focus on STEM education?  Your thoughts on professional athletes not standing for our national anthem?  How will you per sway the House & Senate to approve your tax cuts and increases   Unmarried, childless, no mortage individuals get no tax breaks.  is that fair?  How to expedite paper work for legal immigration/ temp workers H1 visa holder  Do you support regulating for-profit higher education institutions?  As a highschooler I wonder if you will ensure no one takes away our memes.  Do you think it's crucial that Americans understand their own personal finances?  Why would you tax wealthy people when they have worked hard for that money?  How do you propose to clean up the political corruption in Washington?  Do you currently receive social security benefits?    How will your health care reforms differ from Obama Care?  How can we help foster a more welcoming climate for rape victims to seek help.  How would you change government to be more in sync w/ the needs of the populace?  How will you make sure that small businesses thrive without federal involvement?  How does paying one's fair share of taxes makes America stronger for all of us?  What are your thoughts on increased police militarization?   You claim to understand living from paycheck to paycheck,how can you understand?  How would you dispel poor trustworthiness polls?  What happens to tax revenues when tax rates are cut?  Do you think Americans are taxed and regulated enough?    If elected president  How many innocent civilians will be killed by drones during your administration?  What is your plan to balance the budget and eliminate the debt?   Two minutes, outline your economic plan using data to increase GDP over 3.0% /yr  What is your stance on the Pledge of Allegiance?  Should supporters of war crimes continue to hold public office?    Why are the american people saying we are picking the better of 2 evils?  What's your message to overweight Americans?  What are your views on wealth distribution in US? Do you think it needs fixing ?  Do you believe a President should represent their Party, or all Americans?  What gives with paying 2 bucks and change per hour in 2016?  Shouldn't we expect more, not less, from those who want to lead the country?  How will you successfully cut/raise taxes w/out creating a bad chain reaction?  Can we be sure that the candidate are being trustworthy with voters?  What is each candidate's position on a strong E-verify system?   How can you prove to the American People that you are trustworthy?  Do you consider yourself a free market capitalist  What is your thought on animal abuse and cruelty becoming a punishable offense   Why not raise Social Security tax withholding limit to earnings over $118,000?  Would you personally be willing to stop using all fossil fuels?  What would you do to combat resource shortages expected with population growth?  Do you believe corps. or the gvt. should influence women's health decisions?  Do you believe our electoral system has failed the American Public?  How do you plan to empower young adults to be able to afford life's costs?  What role should humility play in leadership?    What protections will you require business to provide "At Will" employees?   What is the best way to provide quality healthcare for everyone?   How would you keep small businesses from being stiffed by bigger companies?  Student loan debt tops $1.3 trillion; how will you address this economic crisis?  How do you feel about gov't religion expression in relation to 1st amendment?  What is your stance on the recent protests among NFL during the National Anthem?  Why do "millennials" have a liberal bias while labeling conservatism as bigoted?  Should income tax rates account for regional cost of living?  How will you change urban communities?   Will you continue the Obama administration's foreign policy doctrine with Syria?  Do you support a constitutional amendment calling for a balanced budget?  How will you make sure that small businesses thrive without federal involvement?  NSA can hack, and well. Why is Cybersecurity such an issue with the Government?  Will you remove UN headquarters from NYC and US in general?  If elected will you put a hold on refugees?  Would you consider prosecuting Bush/Cheney/Rumsfeld over the invasion of Iraq?  How do you plan to improve science education at the elementary school level?  How do you plan on dealing with the Zika virus?  What is your stance on the Death Penalty?  Will we keep showing and funding different countries our military weapons?  What is the plan to keep hard working suffering immigrants in this country?  Are you willing to switch to clean energy at the expense of taxpayers?  How will you help the middle class and parents trying to make ends meet   do you have a plan for the mass unemployment as A.I. makes more jobs obsolete?  Will you support/push through legislation on a high-capacity gun magazine ban?  As a student I wonder, do you plan to raise minimum wage or change it in any way  Name a policy you support that will make the world better for your grandkids  What would you do to address the obesity epidemic in the US?  Do you believe in free market capitalism  Do you believe a country can regulate, tax and entitle its way to prosperity?  What role to should the Geneva Convention have in our future military actions?  Do you support making Electoral College proportional?  Will you take steps to ensure the government does not spy on our phones.  Increasing the min wage decreases jobs. What is your position on min wage?  Do you think career politicians have too much money?  What are the first things youre going to do to raise Americas confidence?  Candidates, do you believe in paying for work done?  Describe, in greatest detail possible, your stance on abortion  How would you both handle the Aleppo situation?   Would you support a military service lifetime tax credit based on years served?  Should companies be required to pay taxes on income as reported to investors?  How would u avoid a govt shtdwn every 6 mnths?  How would you help LGBT+ people feel safe? Would you try at all?  What is your stance on helping the poor and unfortunate citizens of the U.S?  Has the effort to overthrow Assad been counterproductive to the war against ISIS  What will you do to help reduce the amount of racism and segregation in the U.S?  What will your plans be to bring back jobs and restore the economy ?  Do you have a plan to eliminate the wage gap among men and women?  What are you going to do about police using force against civilians?  If there is a budget impasse, will you enforce Congress to forfeit vacation time  Would you put an end to the Imperialistic state of the USA in the world?  What are your plans to educate the newer generations on the economy?  Why are women still treated like a minority group and what will you do about it?  What are your plans to make our schools much better?   Would you stop calls from US Companies from being sent offshore?  What specifically will you do to help kids with disabilities?  how will you deal with isis?  Will you end the war on whistleblowers such as Ed Snowden and Chelsea Manning?  In what ways do you think you can you can have a lasting impact on the economy?   What is the best way to deal with terrorists, within and without?  What life experiences do you draw on to understand the the average American?  Do you support Prevailing Wages for Visa Workers  How do you feel about political favors?  Do you believe destroying culture and works of art are war crimes?  Why should American's trust you over your opponent.?   How will you address Islamic radicalization through the internet?  What facets of America's crumbling infrastructure does your plan prioritize?  What changes will you make to the FDA to make sure they ban dangerous additives?  As Commander in Chief - How do you plan on dealing with North Korea?  Do most govt employees know what the standard classified markings are?  How will you improve the job market so college graduates can be employed faster?  How will you use your temperament as a positive tool for change?  What is your plan to decrease the interest rate on current student loans?  How will you ensure fair rights for women and men?  As president how will you protect us from terrorist attacks?  What are your views on racism, and how do you intend to deal with it?   Will you try to change or edit the law regarding gay marriage?  Is it more important to teach children to win or to treat people with respect?  What role should the US play in solving international health crises?  What policies would you put forth to improve quality of life in urban areas?  should the USA do something about Kim jon uns nuclear weapons testing?  Do you believe that anyone within the government should be above the law?  Do you believe everyone should have access to a college education?  Do you think its ok for Famous politicians/people to have different laws than us  How will you prepare for any impeding dangers impacting the environment?   Do you support school choice?  Why should female voters support you?  What makes you think that your opinion on climate change is relevant?  Would you be willing to call for & support a Constitutional Convention?   Would you end support for countries that treat women as second class citizens?   How do you plan to make sure that undeserving people cannot get guns?  What type of system would you create to raise the income in the lower class?  Would you support expanding the House of Representatives?  Should foreign policy decisions be made like business decisions?  What is your stance on the Pledge of Allegiance?  How will you deal with the growing peaceful Muslim community in America?  What does being an American citizen mean to you?  How will you unify the nation after such a divisive election season?  Do you have a plan to address gender bias in the workplace and the wage gap?  Unemployment has fallen from 7.8% to 4.9% since Jan 2009. Why has this happened?  What are you're plans to battle the drug addiction epidemic in this country?  Why should citizens be bound to the same laws government officials disregard?  What is a bigger threat to jobs, automation or offshoring?  What are the core values that guide you in decisionmaking?  name 3 key issues on which u believe the base of your party is mistaken and why?   Wellfare programs cost us over $900 billion per year.    Do you support increasing the budget of Amtrak and other passenger rail?  What will you do stop the islamification of America?   Do you want to build a wall on the Mexican border?  Would you support shifting farm subsidies to promote public health?  What will you do to put more money in middle class America pocketbooks?    do you believe cutting taxes will help our economy  Do you have a plan for lowering taxes?  What would you do with education specifically about college/university tuition?   Every home has electric service, why can't the same be said for internet service  How will you take guns away from criminals?  Do you put our Constitution before your party affiliation?   Would you consider amnesty for Immigrants who serve honorably  in our military?   What role, if any, should religion play in  making political decisions?  Why do you want to be president?  Why do facts appear to be less important or relevant then ever before?   Will you force churches to perform marital ceremonies for those who are LGBT?  What is your position on the US meddling in other country's government /policy?  What are your plans to help all students get an equal education?  How would you stop Putin and Assad from bombing civilian targets in Syria?  What, specifically, will you do to begin easing racial tension in our country?  How do you propose to bring manufacturing jobs back to the US?  How would you make medical insurance more accessible to me?  Do you support GMO labelling?  What will you do to help rebuild trust in government?  How will you protect the effectiveness of antibiotics?  What will you do to protect Americans from George Sonos and a new world order  How do you plan on making college more affordable?   How will you address the pharmaceutical industry??  Do you or have you received monitary donations from Islamic Nations.  How do you tackle climate change?  What makes the Benghazi attacks more important than other US embassy attacks?  What is your stance on Women's reproductive rights?  How will you encourage the public  to support action climate change?  What role should the Geneva Convention have in our future military actions?  Why is BLM not considered a terrorist movement, and what will you do to stop it?  Do you support funding for top quality police training to avoid shootings?  w/out mentioning your opponent say how will u increase the low/middle income  Does the Federal government create jobs, or does the private sector?  Do you support parental school choice?  Where did millions donated to the CF for Haiti end up?   How can the US meet its Paris Agreement commitment to reduce ghg emissions?  Do you support debt relief on federal-backed student loans?  If you were elected would you alter the gun laws that we have currently?  Tell us how your view on abortion will influence your Supreme Court picks.  What were the causes of the Great Recession, and how to we avoid another one?   What do you think about the increase in police militarization?  Are you in favor of "Stop and Frisk"? Why or why not?  How will you handle 2nd amendment rights for known or suspected terrorists?  Why should voters trust you with the Presidency?  What would you do to improve the living conditions of Native Americans?  What are you planning to do to control the rising cost of college tuition?  How do you plan to end poverty and help the homeless?  How will you tackle wildlife trafficking? Ivory?  Do you support reinstating the ban on semi- automatic guns like the AR-15?  How would you plan to defend the United States against Isis   What would you do to end the gridlock and dysfunction in Congress?  What will you do to reform our election process to give more power to voters?  What steps will you take to build up and protect our military?   Would you support making the food better in school?  How will you fight the stigma of mental health in this country?  What will you do so the US does not suffer another large scale terrorist attack?  What hAPPENED IN Bengazi  How would you address and destigmatize veteran PTSD?   The rights of legal immigrants, like my husband, have been violated.  Are you willing to sacrifice your pride for our country and its reputation?  Do You support making Marijuana legal  across the entire 50 states ?    If you are elected president what would you do to help depolarize the country?  What would you do about border security and drugs entering our country?  Washington is notorius for its support of GMO foods.  Do you support/ eat GMOs?  What do you plan to do to ensure that senior citizens have equitable health care  What effect will unfettered immigration have on our infrastructure?  What are your thoughts on state standardized testing and its impact on students?  Can you define a mission and vision for the US role in space?  Born on US Soil to Illegal Invading Parents DOES not make you a citizen  How would you protect students from sexual assault  on college campuses?  How would you be better for gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender people?  What is your proposal for a national paid maternity leave policy?  Do you support an American backed Kurdistan in Northern Iraq and Syria?  Will you reinstate the voting rights act if elected and it not why?  Do you support a woman's right to abortion under all circumstances?  What have you done for your fellow Americans that you're most proud of?  Should Muslim immigrants be banned from entering the country?   If you could amend the Constitution, what would you change?  How would you balance religious freedoms and LGBT rights?   Why is someone who declares bankruptcy to enrich himself not prosecuted?  How will you protect our Constitution  How will you help relationships between police and people of color?  Should Presidential candidates be required to pass an FBI clearance check?  If one nation of immigrants can enforce strict entry laws & quotas, why not U.S?  How do you plan to handle the increasing terrorist attacks on America?  What would you do in reaction to another violent riot after a police shooting?  How do you plan to protect trans men and women in America?  Do you believe that a course in High School should teach about the Constitution   What is your opinion regarding Native Americans?  What would you do to protect bees, bats, elephants, rhinos and other species?  Will you criminally prosecute  Executive Branch members whove committed Treason?  How will you be able to raise America's level of education?  How would you entice or force companies that moved out of the USA to return?  What is your stance on stem cell research and further development?  Military spending accounts for 54% of discretionary spend, is that too much?  Do you support the bill banning high-capacity gun magazines?   Can you see the economic power of raising the minimum wage as an investment?  Would you take any measures to help H1B workers facing lengthy greencard process  Do you think the attack on Benghazi could have been avoided?  Being a student, I was wondering your stance on students getting free education?  HOW WOULD YOU SAVE/ SECURE SOCIAL SECURITY  Will you join other developed countries in responding to climate change?  What is your plan to make American Muslims feel safe?   How can you justify a 550% increase in muslim refugees from terrorist hotbeds?  Do you support the black lives matter movement? What are your views on it?  What are your thoughts on the Common Core State Standards?  What do you think are the limits to the Presidents' executive powers?   Do you think there is a problem with police brutality?   Will you work to get corporations out of public education?  How will you help the advancement of science and research?  What is your position on all woman receiving equal pay in the United states?  Are you for or against fracking?  Would you, and how wouldl you, reduce regulation of individuals and businesses.  Do you believe women's rights are human rights?  What is your plan with the funding of planned parenthood?   What will you do make child care affordable for Black & brown families?  How do you plan to deal with college tuition?  What is your plan to create jobs in the US that are both stable and long lasting  Do CEOs in the US deserve to earn 350 times more than the average US worker?  How do you plan to deal with the increasing amounts of gun violence in America?  What will you do to address the structural inequalities in criminal justice?  What will you do to ensure greater transparency and accountability in government 
How can we make health care cost competitive with the other advanced countries  How will you make sure that industry takes climate change seriously?   As president how would you address vitriol on social media?  What will you do to improve quality, access, &reduce costs of healthcare for all  Are family values important as leader of the country and in your personal life?  How do you reduce government spending?  What is your plan for how citizens can fight global warming?  How will you address current waster and inefficiency in federal government?   Cash for Junkers?  What is the safe limit for the national debt?  Please explain the role of government regulations in serving the public.    How will Jasta affect our position in the Middle East?  What is your stance on climate change?  Do you agree third party presidential candidates should be in the debate?  Do you favor ratifying the CTBT? If not, why not?  How do we increase the tax base with out having to increase taxes?  What special knowledge do government bureaucrats have about the economy?  Explain to the voting public: Why would your opponent make a terrific President.  Will you improve our economy for everyone, or do you believe in libertarianism?  A person says they care about women and children, how have they shown that  What will you address the looming Federal debt without raising taxes ?  What steps would you take to curb military spending?   Discuss the relationship between environment and economy.  Do you support background checks on elected officials & classified training?  How will you change the corporate charter to dis-empower corporations?  Will you work with people on both sides of the aisle to foster co-operation?  What is a great compromise you have made in order to advance the common good?   How will you change the electoral process so that it's one vote one human?  Will you encourage bi-partisan action between the parties?   Do you believe in the rule of law?  As president how would you address freedom from religion?  How do you explain why you're the two most disliked candidates in U.S. history?  Is it the President's responsibility to be a role model to the nation's children  Why not invite 3rd party candidates to debate?  How will you improve maternity care in the U.S. and how is midwifery a part?  Should the US perform mass surveillance or accept data from other countries?  How do you plan on keeping composure as POTUS to represent the American people?  How will you support new farmers/ranchers and youth/women in agriculture?  What example best demonstrates your intellectual honesty?  What bases do you plan to shutdown while in office?  Would you support creating cities on the moon that are self sustaining.  Do you support a citizen's right to stand, or sit, during the "pledge"?  Do you see a connection between extreme weather-related events & climate change?  How can the economy improve if the 99% don't  have more disposable income?  What will you do to protect First Amendment religious expression & speech?  Why do you think college tuition has risen so much?  What is your favorite anime? Why is is that one in particular?  Have you used the IRS 'tax amnesty' rules to pay unreported foreign bank income?  Do you want to bring in more or less refugees?  Will your proposed taxation plans benifit you personally?  What makes you think you should be president of the United States?  How will you protect Americans from Christian fundamentalism?  Do you support the policies that define gender by biological sex? Why?  What moment in your life defines you and your principles?  Will you bring the criminal Bush Administration to Justice?  What kind of wall should be erected for Border Control?  Your thoughts on the War on Drugs? How would you change, enhance or abolish it?  When will the TSA go away? 15 years of idiotic airport dystopia is enough.  Can you prove RIGHT NOW that you are not wearing an earpiece?   explain evolution and global warming using the scientific term "theory"  Why is America policing the world?  What is your specific plan to restore the middle class?  What are your plans to break the Chinese monopoly on rare earth elements.  Do you think Bernie Sanders was cheated out of the democratic nomination?   If a "people-sponsored" debate was offered THIS YEAR would you accept to attend   As president how would you address societal intolerance ?  Ask YES/NO questions, then give time for elaboration (for any question type).  under what circumstances will each candidate use executive action?  Jow will you support the SCOTUS decision to take guns from DV convictions?  What good can bringing all these muslims into our country do?  How do you stand on Standing Rock and the Dakota Access Pipeline?  As president; how would you address:  limiting campaign length.  What will you do about the water infrastructure, particularly in low-income area  Solution to police refusing to wear/activate body cams and/or blocking dash cams  What will you do to control financial waste in the pentagon?  Is climate change a threat to humanity and the social order  Would you support the US govt using only made in the USA goods?  "This is our time, you got a choice between water or oil. Make the right choice"  How soon will you raise the minimum wage to livable standards?  What would you do to prevent/cure a massive doctor shortage?   Will you revoke government funding for abortions?  If we are to ever become energy independent, what should be our strategy?  how much have you paid in income tax in the last ten years  Will you fulfill the nation's promises to veterans?  How will you amend Obamacare so the self-employed can afford policies?  What are your ideas on reducing the size of federal government?   Drug testing for welfare recipients?    Would you support a thorough & public audit of US int'l weapons sales?  Either state your solution to climate change, or give evidence it is not real.  Should we resettle Refugees in U.S. or build safe zones in Middle East for them?  How will you support and defend the Constitution of the United States?  Do you support a ban on trapping on fed, public lands?  As president; how would you address:  term limits for all elected officials.  What would you do to foster true democracy, i.e. citizens' control of government  As president; how would you address:  campaign finance reform.  What is your stand on political contribution transparency/ disclosure and why?  Do you support the Pledge of Allegiance in the classroom?  Do either of you support a change in the rules of engagement against ISIS?  As president, what will you do to eliminate the electoral college?  How would you insure US ranchers & farmers continue provide food for our nation.  Would you reinstate the GlassSteagall Act to prevent another economic crash? 
Would you commit to ending the Cadillac Tax on certain health care policy   How will you support our veterans?   Many drivers will loose jobs due to smart cars how will you prepare for this  How would you get cooperation from Congress to implement your programs?  Will you reverse the impact of harmful US policies on countries like Haiti?  Would you allow vets to CCW in all 50 States overriding State/county laws?  Are you currently receiving social Security benefits? Why or Why not?  What will you do to help the middle class afford college?   What is your opponent's biggest strength?  How do you feel about Director Comey's recent appearance in front  of congress?   Which tax deduction in your 2015 federal tax return, should be eliminated?  Convince us Millenials that you care about America and our American Dream.  How will you stop the assault on law abiding gun owners in America?   Liberty, tyranny & the pursuit of happiness. What's the relationship with taxes?  Should outsourcing American jobs continue to be perfectly legal?  Are capitalism and corporate donations harming the environment?  Does the 2nd Amendment trump another's right to life, liberty, and happiness?  What gun control measures, if any, will you take, specifically?  Why should we trust you to fix our broken campaign finance system?  Do you support increases in R&D spending to combat climate change?  If our military can drone-strike anyone, what stops others from emulating this?  How will you eliminate gerrymandering to prevent partisan election manipulation?  Should illegal immigrants have a path to citizenship?  Would increasing taxes make a greater impact than lowering taxes?  Should teens be aloud to go to places that drink wine or smoke.   What would you do with the Jones act?  How will you improve schools security to make sure everyone's safe, if an "incid  Is it good to have a Burka Law  Why do you only focus on us when you want our votes:election time.  Have you actually read the NAFTA? How long is it?  How will you expedite the examination of backlogged rape kits to punish rapists?  What do you feel about kids violating the school or bringing weapons?  Will you support reparations?  Who did you support in the 2012 Senate Election and Why?  How are you going to manage mental health and suicide amongst our younger crowd?  Do you understand why your opponent's supporters support them and not you?   How will you combat cyber warfare against Russian  Hackers or the Chinese?   What would you do to prevent the next cyber hack on our infrastructure(s) ?  Is the Islam really as brutal as we think?  Why aren't guns allowed in government buildings if we need good guys with guns?  What would specifically do to ensure the foundation and security of public ed.?  When you are the president what change you will make for our nation  Where do you stand in linking state assessments to teacher evaluations?  Will you work to make sure that the Federal Reserve is audited?    How will you stop our courts from granting child custody to batterers?   What will you change to get us out of war and intervention?  I am a Muslim & loyal US citizen, how are u going to treat me if u are the presi  Exactly how will cutting taxes for the wealthy create more jobs in America?  Will you vete people from countries hostile to US befor according visa?  How would you try to combat religious indoctrination?  How will we be able to platform our tuition without going out of debt  What will you do if taxes are raised?  Why do you want to be president at this point in your life?  How would you make drivers not drive on the grass?  How do you plan on using your platform as president to alleviate climate change?  Can you fix postsecondary education to meet future skilled labor needs?  Do you believe that money is equivalent to speech?  As President, your 1st act will be taking the oath office.    How would you protect the 2nd amendment and private property rights  What would you do to weed out the dangerous illegals & refugees already in US.  How are you qualified to take on technological infrastructure and security?  Why should the public have to pay for wars their representatives never approve?  What will you do to stop the corruption in our justice system?  How do you propose to bring back manufacturing jobs to America?  Which person are you right now and where do you stand on open borders?  What is your position on Labor Unions and Locals in NYC?   What do you think of Hassan Rouhani and what direction he might steer Iran?  How would you fix the abuse of domestic violence laws, primarily my women?  We all want everyone to pay their fair share of taxes - what is fair?  Would you favor bringing back the term "the poor" ?  What is your current belief of AI as an existential risk to humanity?  Will you propose using the alternative vote method for the next election?  What is the symbolic role of the President - to Americans & the world?  Why are we not providing jobs in inner city areas to help provide opportunities   Do you support the right to play online skill or chance gaming or wagering?  How does America plan to advance dialogue on Nagorno-Karabakh?  Do you believe that Halloween costumes worn by dogs can be considered sexist?  How will you reduce the costs of goods and materials?  I am white. My wife is black.  Like us how will you make justice COLOR BLIND?  How will you handle drug policy? Will you allow USA to be the home of the free?  Boots on the ground or air strikes, how would you as CIC fight ISIS?   What can you promise us regarding Campaign Finance, the TPP, banking regulation.  How will you make Washington more tolerant to different ideas and parties?  Do you commit to lead an honest administration and how would you go about this?  How would recent news affect working relationship with May or Merkel?  Commander in Chief, or Celebrity in Chief ? Has the role of President changed?  What are your plans for making life fairer for the disabled and their caregivers  How do you define democracy? What limitations of power should POTUS have?  What can/should the federal government do to desegregate our public schools.  One view of life is that it is zero sum the other view is that life is win win  Where was the emergency plan for the National Hurricane Center's website?  Should we keep "Obama Care" or should people be able to be uninsured?  Broadcast frequencies are auctioned and the public has no access.  Why?  Will you deport DACA recipients working & pay fed taxes to fund Vets & Militay   How will you manage safety within sports?  How will you deal with the constant raise in money for oil?  Consistency of philosophy  In major American sports, there is a redistributive tax to ensure fairness  What is your opinion of Libertarian Paternalism?  How will you handle the Shark Attacks happening in US Beaches?  Do you believe that a male who "identifies" as a female is, in fact, a female?   IF India and Pakistan Go to war, who would you back?  Would you push for more humane methods of capital punishment?  How will you stop the amount of overdoses in our country?  should organ donation become mandatory?  How will you reduce burdensome regulations on small business.   What is the greatest country in the world today?  Why are we taking in refugees when we see the rising terrorism in Europe?  What is your opinion on standardized testing and the achievement gap?  The war of drugs, specifically marijuana  What would you do to combat sexual assault on college campuses as President?  What steps would you take to fix the election system and what must Congress do?  Will you pressure Congress to eliminate EB-5 loans?     Why is your opponent unqualified or should be disqualified to be POTUS?  What, specifically, will you do to make US workers competitive again?  What will you do to help eradicate racism for children born in the next century?  If companies really could pay women less, wouldn't all employees be female?  What will you do to reduce the partisan divide in the US?  How long can it take?  Compare your management style to your opponent & how will it get the job done???  Why should married couples with no kids have to pay school taxes  ?   Why does America not yet have free universities if it works SO WELL elsewhere?  Do you feel that we are all indentured servants for the rich?  Do you really think you were the best person to be your parties nominee?  How will you enforce separation of government and Wall Street?  How do you plan on restoring trust between black comunities and police officers?  	What remedy would you support if hackers disrupt the election on November 8?      What will you do to close tax loopholes that allow the rich not to pay taxes?  How can you change discrimination of parents with disability in family courts?  Would increasing the taxes make a bigger impact then lowering taxes?  Do you support making this country a true Democracy and why or why not?  If elected, is it possible to eliminate the national debt by 2025 >  Are you able to put your opponent's platform into your own words?   What sort of  role would your spouse have in your administration?  What role does mud slinging and stone casting have in the political process?  When was lastime you paid taxes  Can I get a bailout like the big shots on Wall Street?  Will you send more troops to the Middle East to combat or withdraw the troops.  How would you specifically tackle the issue of Jewish settlements on West Bank?  How will you help people in pain who no longer get meds due to the opiate crisis  Do you feel that portions of the constitution should be revised ?  Is any issue more important than elected officials being subject to the law?  Will you commit to limiting scope and expiration of executive actions.  How are you going to ensure that the civil rights of Muslims are protected?  If elected, how would you deal with the dire situation in Ukraine?   With 19.3 trillion dollars in debt , how will the you fund our public schools?  Yemen and Saudi Arabia  Is it time to implement global childbirth limits?  If not now, when?  How will you priortitize between foreign & domestic issues & fix problems in US?  What steps would you take to ensure the future viability of the middle class?  Will you donate money to support schools and to increase the knowledge of kids?  How would you respond to the declining military relationship with Philippines?  Should we keep the common he common core?  Are you willing to inform the public how they can care for their own health?  How did the 90's make you stronger?  How would the US/world be different today if Clinton had been elected 8 yrs ago.  What tax breaks will be given to married people with no children ?   Will you have more security camera's throughout the U.S.A   Which country is greater in size geographically Tajikistan or Turkmenistan?  Why can creationism be taught in school under the first amendment?  Why is there strict gun laws   Would you support the use drone strikes on family members of known terrorists?  Will children be able to be taught even if they are very poor?  Since there may not be anymore "Obama Care" what will you do about it?  How did you become wealthy?  What is your favorite movie and why?  Would you support abolishing the IRS & levy taxes "in proportion to the census?"  What will you do to better the health of american LGBTQ+ youth?  Can you briefly describe what the 8th, 15th, and 22nd amendments say?  How will you reform ACA Obamacare program so it's fair for all.   What would you do to help prevent the universal problem of body shaming?  What moral values should POTUS uphold? What is your personal moral code?  What will you do about lethal air rifles  Do you agree with the common core state tests?  What would you do to reduce tensions between Shia and Sunni Muslims?  Would you invesigate Israel's involvement in 9/11?    Did President Obama save Detroit and the US Auto Industry?  Did any Nato countries support the U.S. in Afghanistan after 9/11?  Do you believe there is intelligent life in the galaxy?  What would you do if someone is getting teased because of how they look?  Is PTSD a weakness?  Do you think that the US should continue invading other countries to bring peace  Do you consider atheists citizens  How does a bill become a law?  Why is my Army beret made in China?  What do you feel is the biggest threat to America and why?  What is your criteria for selecting the best possible nominee for the SCOTUS?  Why should Americans trust you?  Under what circumstances would you put boots on the ground in a foreign country  What actions will you take to stop the flow of heroin into the country?  What can be done to improve job and living opportunities for autistic adults?  Would you support TTIP? And if so, will you make available the contract details?  How do we strengthen labor unions and create full employment?  Will You Cut The Bloated Military Budget?  What is being done with nuclear waste and other hazardous materials ?  Besides campaign finance reform, what changes would end the gridlock in DC?  Many EU countries are doing amazing economically. Will you follow their example?  Mandatory Drug Testing for Kaw a enforcement after critical incident  What positive quality do you see in your opponent?  If there were no political obstacles, how long would it take to convert totally   How did we lose our ability to compromise and what will you do to change this?  What importance would you put on sending a man or woman to Mars?  How can you use the budget to make the school lunches healthier?  How would you handle the US dollar dropping 10+% within days of your election?  Russia's demand to repeal Magnistsky act, destruction of surplus US plutonium  Refugee process  Should 1 group be allowed to impose their view of fair & progressive on another?  Is inequality intrinsically bad?  Do you believe that humans are inherently peaceful, violent, both or neither?  What is your opinion on the Area Median Income?  How do you plan on helping first time home buyers?  What steps will you take to restore faith in our government?  Are you willing to adopt a plant based diet as an example to Americans?  Will lowering taxes affect the communities and what they spend their money on?  Do you believe each American, any race obtains all equal rights?  How will you prepare the country for the mass reduction of jobs due to robots?  Why do you think both of you have record breaking unfavorable ratings?  Should we give free educations to the poor? (Or help)  Name a woman in politics that you consider your equal; talent and knowledge wise  As Black Lives Matter, Do White Lives Matter More.?  Will the education programs change because of the new president?  What is your opinion on citizen Privacy ?   Are you willing to set up a separated department for the cure for diabetes?  Should complete medical records be publicly for presidential candidates?  Will You Run Again For President In 2020  How will you help people after hurricanes and/or tornadoes?  What do you foresee would be your greatest accomplishment if elected President ?  Would you consider yourself more of a " Truth" or "Dare" candidate?  How do you plan on helping the unemployed?  What will you do to address the rise of anti-intellectualism in our culture?  Is kissing or grabbing a person without their consent sexual harassment?   What are your views on American Citizens kneeling during the national anthem?    What will you do to address the Black Supremacist movement & anti-white racism?  What do you think of the new trend of segregation on college campuses?  How will you ensure our right to privacy is protected under the Rome Statute?  What would you do to make voting easier for people as well as more secure ?   How will you secure the US-European partnership against new Russian aggressions?  Will you defend ownership of guns "in common use for lawful purposes"?   How will you reform Law Enforcement training and protocol to reduce misconduct?  Do you support the Active Financing Exception & Loss Carryback laws?  What is your plan for the American ghetto?  Would you expand the Military Doctor training program to get more doctors for VA  What would you change to close the gap between statutory and effective tax rates  As president, will you change our current overall relationship with China?  How will my life as a family of 5 - be any different then it is today ?   The US Dept.of Education is a Failure now focused on Social Engineering, End It?  A candidate has mentioned that the Tianneman Square put down was admirable?  Assimilation and Integration  How do you think electoral politics should change in the age of social media?  Do you believe in Corporate Personhood ? If so, why..  Is it true California turned it's economy completely around by raising taxes?   how do you plan on defeating ISIS?  Do you feel that the wealthy should bear a bigger burden in society?  How do Propose to help with the current relations of cops and  minorities   Will there be any accountability for the attack to Doctors Without Boarders?  Would you support reorganizing our social safety net with a basic income?  Do you agree to undergo a full & open psychiatric evaluation prior to elections?  What will you do to ensure one's right to own rifles like the AR-15 & others    Will you appoint a non-figurehead  Veterans Affairs Secretary to reform it?  This question is about mental health: what do you most often feed your soul?  Why is gun control such a big deal in the debate?  What are your stances on free community college?  Will refugees and illegal immigrants be allowed to vote?  What is the job description for the Presidency of the United States?  If you could add one new amendment to the constitution, what would it be?   Would you consider using DDT to combat the Zika carrying mosquitoes.  What are your future plans for terrorist attacks ?  How will you get the people who have lost their jobs get their jobs back?  If u were president what would u do to fix the afforable housing crisis.   Who do you consider to be our Greatest President ever ?  Should paying taxes be a requirement for a job taxing others?  Why should people who do not belong to your party vote for you?  Do you feel that the moderators of this years debates have been fair and honest?  Describe the process for obtaining a Trade agreement from beginning to end.  What do you plan to do to make America rejoin the space race and get to mars?  If Manning is being abused, how can you expected Snowden to be treated fairly?  Would you hold the NSA accountable for spying in congress and US citizens?  What are your thoughts on Black Lives Matter's stance concerning Israel?  Would you lift the ban on SST travel where the sonic boom occurs over the ocean?  Are young Americans infantilized by having no obligation to serve their country?  How important is providing sound risk management programs to our farmers?  Should there be a more watchful eye on Syrian refugees? if yes how?    What role should the press play in maintaining transparency within government?  What happened in Syria?  Should we have enforced the "red line"?  Are you willing to reduce Defense Budget back to pre war levels?   Suppose u serve 2 full terms as president; would u want your VP to succeed u?  Would you use your authority to take U.S. nuclear weapons off hair trigger alert  Will you work to return marginal tax rates to pre-Reagan rates for jobs?  Choosing 2 out of 3: what are the capitals of Mali, Uzbekistan or Yemen?  Why can't candidates be civil to each other any more?  How did the primary impact your candidacy and what have you learned from it?   How would you propose to get rid of Citizens United  How you prevent mass extinction?  Is there social science research on how the criminal population breaks down de  How will you help our local police?  In recent years our military has been downsized. I don't feel safe anymore.  I would like to know what either party will do for or against gay Americans   Are you going to support legislation that advocates instant run-off voting?  How can we do a better job at accomplishing our goals in indirect conflicts?   Would you prosecute anyone in the current administration for violating the law?  What do you propose to do to lessen the amount rapes in America?  Will you ensure policemen who were proven to use excessive force be punished?  What are your plans to end the number of teachers leaving the profession?  If you support a tax on firearms, will you support the same tax on abortion?  What do you plan to do about the people that are cheating the welfare system?  Why do you want to be President, and how do you plan on putting Americans first?  Will you work against the disenfranchisement of voters?  Why do you think our Military is weak if facts tell us otherwise?  Do you support mandatory prison sentences for police officers who kill citizens?  Why aren't schools getting the funding they need?  Are you going to make our security systems safer to protect us from terrorism?  What unnecessary tax loopholes will you eliminate that benefit corporations?  Should colleges that don't spend enough on poor students lose tax exemption?  At what point is projecting strength trumped by avoiding military confrontation?  Would you appoint Supreme Court Justices who believe D.C. v. Heller is correct?  How will it benefit you personally if tax loopholes for the wealthy are closed?  Is fact checking important during presidential debates?  Why do you believe in American Exceptionalism and its bias against  change?  Homelessness and the death penalty - why?  Do you support raising our taxes to help the poor or cut taxes to help the rich?  Do You Believe that the USA needs illegal aliens to overcome our dying Society ?  Was having the US & Russia push of the reset button with Russia a good decision?  Would you support the legalization of corporal punishment in all US schools?  Characterize the moral qualities that a President of the U.S should possess  Can you name the Prime Minister of Kuwait?  Specifically, which federal regulations would you like to eliminate. Be specific  As president, how would you see your obligations to the world beyond the US?  If you decide on war, would you let the PEOPLE vote on it?  How are you qualified to be POTUS?  Where do you draw the line between a necessary and unnecessary war?  How would you support our ally, Israel, and ensure their rights internationally.  What are your thoughts on the Black Lives Matter movement and police brutality?   Would You Support Banning Any Federal Employee Using Their Private Email Sever.  Who is the leader of Pakistan? For the other one; Who is the leader of India?  Is it better for a corp to pay little or no tax & survive or fail or leave  Do you support current tax laws that allow land developers to cut their taxes?  Would you defend libel laws to protect the press and citizens from being sued?  Support our allies and undermine our enemies  Do you think the segregation of races on college campuses is a good thing?  Would you keep the comman core system?  How will you create jobs base on your experience?  Did you pay more income tax than you were obligated to under the tax code...  Why are you advocating for a global, borderless world? How is that smart?  What can you say to yr opponent's supporters that would make you a better choice  How concerned are you about the dangers of Artificial Intelligence?  What is your opinion on congress's veto override against President Obama?  Are you in favor of a permanent unemployment wage ?  Will you raise the minimum wage? If so, how much?  How will you Support the Black Lives Matter Movement?   What is the worst lie you have ever told?  Would you support a national tobacco product sales minimum age of 21?   What will you do to ensure respect and protection for women in the workplace?  How would you convince voters that you are the right person to become president?  If you become president, will you implement Buffett Tax Rule?  How do you plan to control gun violence in the country with your policies?  Do you believe same-sex couples should have the right to get married?  What are the pros and cons of $15 minimum wage and where do you stand on this?  Is the tax code too crushing for large businesses, or too friendly?  What will you do to make it easier for people to start small businesses ?  What is your plan to improve healthcare for women in the United States ?  The TPP would be harmful to American workers. Why are you supporting it ?   What is your plan to improve school education?  What do important issue has not gotten enough media coverage this election?  What will you do to reduce government spending?  Genetic Engineering  Executive power is out of control  What will you do to protect Syrian civilians and bring peace to Syria?  How would you increase future voter turnout from the younger demographics?  Why do our leaders frame issues to set the American people against one another?  Will you pay back all your gains from tax loopholes before Election Day?  Will you pledge to support the White Helmets and their stated goal?  How will you help small businesses and single owners reduce Liability Insurance?  Is capitalism good or evil and why?  Is there a limit to economic growth?  What is the affordable act?  Should Hawaii be given back her independence and have her monarchy restored?  Should the United States support pro-government groups in the Donbass region?  How would you make companies bring jobs back to the US?  Question for both candidates  Character  What would you do to make SURE that everyone in the U.S has a job?  How would you address concerns about the common core & high stakes testing.  How will you improve the relationship of the police and comunities?  How are you going to help those immigrant fathers that don't have money.  Do you support or oppose Marriage Tax penalty which affects many millennials.  How will you support women in the fight against eating disorders?  What is one quality that you admire about your opponent?  Do you believe a 15% corporate tax will promote reinvestment in the US.?  What will you do with the ever growing terrorist camps in the US?   What specific steps would you take to eliminate wasteful spending in Washington?  Schools and Colleges  What if anything would each candidate show regret for and apologize for?  Will you give free healthcare to illegal immigrants?  How will you get the Congress to work with you ?  CEO Steve Jobs annual salary: $1. Would you do likewise as President ?  Is the country moving in the right direction ? If not, why  Will you ever take any registered guns away from any law abiding citizens?  How do you propose to control the flow of illegal guns in our country?  How will you help Americans with middle class incomes?  Is this so difficult? Raise minimum wage and lower corporate tax rate?  As president, how are you going to help Puerto Rico to get out its debt crisis?  What steps will you take to ensure our veterans are more than taken care of?  How are you going to create more jobs for citizens living in low income areas.  What concrete action would you take to address income inequality?  In what areas might you break with your party and work across the aisle?  what will you do to improve improve prison conditions here in the US?  How will you work to bring friendship upon our country and others?  Would you be willing to produce free medicine to the poor/unwealthy?  Affordable Housing crisis   How can we bring back the joy of learning to our schools?  Incoherence  How do you plan to deescalate violent and nonviolent conflicts around the world?  How will you attract the brightest and best to work for our federal government?  Will You Stop Supporting Countries That Sponsor Terror?  Would you make it mandatory to be a US Citizen for one year before you can vote?  Exactly how do Voter ID laws racially discriminate?  Do you support abortion up until the moment of birth?  Explain what's happening w/Deutsch Bank & how you hope to offset impact on U.S.  How will you make it easier to get a small business loan?  Do drones create a military moral hazard?  What is your position on visas for recent college graduates from abroad?  Should States be allowed to toll their interstates to raise transportation funds  I purchased a pair of shoes from G.H. Bass.  If a vaccine against ALL STD's were available would you support it?  What about the Profits that will be generated by Climate Change ?  What will you do to eradicate poverty? What will you do about racism?  Do you believe in Corporation Personhood.? If so, why?  How loyal are you going to be to Wall Street, and Citizens United?  Who was the presiding president the last time the US Government had a surplus?  Nuclear disarmament: Fact or Fiction ?  How do you plan to handle equity issues related to people with disabilities?  Will you prosecute people involved in the pay-to-play of TARP funds?  How will the upcoming president handle ISIS  What is the role of character assassination in the political process?  What are you going to do to close the unfair tax loopholes?  What are you going to do about people illigally manufacturing and buying guns?   As president how would you respond to Alex's letter regarding Omran Daqneesh?  Which solutions by past Presidents would  you repeat to solve current problems ?  What new challenge would you like the nation take on during your presidency?  Do you still support free market capitalism as the underpinning of a successful   With exceptions, Would you ban Police  usage of deadly force for routine stops.  What is your take on the Patriot Act? Would you enforce it, or lessen its power?  What will you do to help seniors with rights and healthcare.  What would you do to move us past the "War on Drugs"?  Should the national government assume more control over our educational system?  How should the US eliminate discrimination against women in law and in practice?  Should we care about our earth more than our industries or the other way around?  Do you consider the islamization of Europe as potential threat to USA !  what will you do to improve ethical behavior by government employees.  How has this election affected the way the rest of the world views America    How are you going to increase STEM education and support STEM related jobs?  What are going to do about the rising tepatures  How would you react if faced with a hostile or obstructive  congress?  This election is about change: what kind of change will your opponent bring?    Poverty rate has been constant since 1970. What will you do to change this?  As a parent, how did you discipline your child(ren) when they lied or cheated?  What would you do to expand  STEM programs in Americas's colleges/universities?  Do you believe that porn poses a risk to public health?   What is the value proposition of social security for America's youth?  Would you declare a no-fly zone in Syria to protect innocent lives?  What is your role in reversing the tide of invective and violence against women?  Should people who have "testimony amnesia" be allowed to run for office?  How will you create quality jobs to resolve this problem for most Americans?  Would you grant a presidential pardon to Edward Snowden as a whistle blower?  What is your plan for our country as we enter the era of Resource Wars?   Will you ensure abortion stays legal?  Do you support H.R. 4478--A bill to amend the Military Selective Service Act?  What will you do about texting and driving  What specific provisions of NAFTA would you like to renegotiate. Be specific.    How would you help the environment and make people conserve energy more.  Should military spending grow or shrink based on perceived or real threats ?  what is your plan on to reducing the amount of debt U.S is in?  What is your opinion on obstructionist politics from House and Senate members?  Whats your plan on preventing violence and discrimination with lgbt communitie  why are we giving illegal aliens every thing except the deportation they needl  What is your plan to stop illegal immigration and to make imm. easier legally?  What would be your first priority as president?  how to correct deportation error that permitted citizenship?  What policy stances do you support that will sway independents to vote for you?   What spending cuts to be made to reduce debt? What addl change if int rates inc  Do you support Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act?  Why would you ban abortion and place women's lives at risk?  Should the minimum wage apply to everyone   Senators should not be allowed to block Supreme Court nominee process.   How do you plan to combat pregnancy discrimination in American workplaces?   Poverty rate has been constant since 1970. What will you do to change this?  What will you do to ensure the EPA, IRS & gov agencies are held accountable?  Do support a Mideast policy of making a Palestinian State from ISIS territory?  Will you be willing to work for $1 a year?  What would you do to encourage long-term investments in the private sector?  Will you end corporal punishment in the US school system?  What is your plan to expand green energy in the U.S. ?   What does "Giving Your Word" & honor mean to you?  Are you satisfied how our taxes are allocated? Why or why not?   syrian refugees must apply for refugee status.  How would you enhance process?   Why is it desirable to renegotiate the national debt?  What should be the role of the US in Indian-Pakistani relations?  Will you do anything to forward the research into the effects of Agent Orange?  Should investment banks be allowed to pay for credit ratings?  Should we help Global Warming so Maine and Alaska become 12 month beach resorts?  Do you believe people should be assisted based on character, or skin color?  Will you support introducing national referendums?  How will you support the men and women that are forced to go into unemployment?  What role did government play in the housing collapse? What lessons learned?  What plans do you have to support our returning veterans, specifically,  A majority of teachers can't remotely afford to buy a home- can you expound?  Popular vote or electoral college? Which Should be dominant.  How much money have you earned since you entered in politics?  Could you explain your stance on the estate tax, and  step-up basis  How will you address the problem of hunger amongst the elderly in the country?  Would you have a secret email system to thwart current law?  What steps would you take to get money out of politics?  What is the role of the federal government in education.?  What is it about your tempermanent that makes you fit to be PResident?  What will you do to help the sick/poor?  When it comes to pizza crust, hand-tossed or deep dish?  How would you stop Government's wasteful spending of Tax Payers monies?  What are your views on partial birth abortion?  Will you close tax loopholes that enable billionaires to avoid paying taxes?  What is your take on the DAPL?   Are you ending birth right citizenship?  How will you speed the slow pace of Infrastructure Construction in our Nation?  How do we ensure politicians are working for the people, and not rich donors?  Should we help poor children get educations?  Do you have any concern about the influence of "Big Money" in our politicians?  How will you address overrepresentation of minorities in the corrections system?  What could do to minimize the extreme political polarization in this country?  Is it a problem that the return on capital has passed the return on labor?  Can we end feminism once and for all, replace it with Gender Equality?  Do you promise not to use anti-Semites as either paid or unpaid advisers?  What are you going to do to strengthen the military?  As President, would you advocate less or more government economic intervention?  How will you avoid conflicts of interest if elected President?  How should proposed manufacturing jobs be paid, relative to the minimum wage?  How will you support the integration of refugees into the US?  What do you, as president, intend to do to further trade with Great Britain?  It is the year 2050. How should the world look? What is your vision of utopia?  What actions will you take to help end child labor globally?  Should the government be allowed to assassinate US citizens without a trial?  Is there a global labor glut, if so what can done for the unemployable?  Are ACA taxes on "Cadillac" healthcare plans fair based on historical costs?  What will you do to rebuild our military?   What can be done to make the Tax System Fair for all people ?  Will you fund the Palestinian Authority while it reject Israel's existance  Would you support a "Manhattan Project" style switchover to sustainable energy ?  Gun Control   What have you ever lied about in the past? Either publicly or privately?  What do you think is the root cause of someone making fun of another person?  Should Congress be quizzed on the contents of a bill before it can be voted on?  Will you support a single payer healthcare system?   Why is abortion murder, but the shooting of black unarmed people is not?  Which if any int'l human rights treaties do you think the US should sign/ratify?  Do you support maintaining the U.S. Department of Education?  Do you support the sharing economy companies like Uber and AirBnB?  Will you protect Our Constituional Rights as Free Americans?  What are the pros & cons to mandating an increase in the minimum wage?  Will you push for a bill for mandatory disclosure of a candidates tax returns?   Describe the decision making process you will follow before entering a conflict.  Given the overwhelming scientific consensus that GMO food is safe...  Hi w can we bring back humanity and joy to our children 's schooling?  What is the value proposition of social security for America's youth?  What more can we do given revanchist Russia and an expanding China?  A woman's stamina: a man's stamina: Is there a difference ?  Why would a 15% corporate tax rate be beneficial for the country ?  What will you do to make our legislative system more united and avoid gridlock?  What is your view as to the appropriate level of military spending?  How do you plan to eradicate the national debt?  Do you believe that GOD will determine the outcome of this election?  Where do you believe our tax dollars should go?  How will you fix America's broken food system?  What specific provisions of TPP would you like to change.  What would you do to help the poor ?  Does the NRA represent millions of citizens & have a right to lobby like others?  Are you going take steps to reduce meat consumption by consumers?  Please describe in more detail your effort to simplify the tax code?    Would you ensure 3rd party candidate participation in debates?  Can you attempt to explain how long established ways of governing are changed?  How can anyone support a candidate, if they won't release their tax returns?  What is your position on Sharia Law in the United States?  How do you plan to eradicate the national debt?  How will you handle major catastrophic disaster? Enemy war? Tsunami? Meteor?   What is your proposal to change tax laws so they are fair to all of us?   Progressive tax, unfair burden on the middle class, red tape & class warfare?  Do you believe that pornography poses a risk to public health?  How many illegal aliens do you believe are currently in our country?  How do we stop teachers from unfairly disciplining and suspending black boys?  What is the most neutral case for the importance of voting you can offer?  EXACTLY HOW WOULD YOU FIX THE INFRASTRUCTURE. SPECIFICALLY -FIRST THING YOU'D DO  What is your charitable giving philosophy, and to which charities do you donate?  Do you believe so-called "shadow banking" is adequately regulated?  There is too much misinformation spread. How can we get the truth?  What is the plan regarding the border between Canada and USA  Will the price of consumer goods increase if mfg jobs will be brought to US?  Why would a "public option" be any different than the ACA coops?  Are tactical nuclear weapons an acceptable thing to use against our enemies?   The American people DO NOT trust the government.  Can you change this? How?  Reagan once said, "Man is not free unless gov't is limited."  Do you agree?  They say Perception is Reality. How accurate is the perception about you?  How will you ensure that post graduate people struggling since 9/11 find jobs.  How will you secure America?  Why aren't all the foods in the U.S. properly labeled clearly ?  How can anyone running for President be believed with a history of lying ?  What can be done to make college or vocational school more affordable?  What have you proposed to close Tax Avoidance loopholes for superrich?  What are the pros & cons to your tax plan? Compare "fairness" to a flat tax.  In major American sports, there is a cap on salaries to ensure fairness  Should Presidential candidates be required to undergo independent health exams?   As President, will you give American students free City College education?  What reforms will increase women in STEM jobs to shore up our cybersecurity?  Was the Arab Springs a success or a failure?  Can you put country above legacy and family, if a decision would damage them?  Should water vapor be taxed & regulated since it is a greenhouse gas?  How will you address policies that discriminate against nonreligious Americans?  Why is America the Greatest Country in the World?  What is one issue or idea not considered enough in our political discourse?  Why do you think you should become the next president?  Is it realistic for a candidate to make policy counter to his business interests  Which is more anti-woman: verbal miscues or protecting a sexual predator?  What specific skill set in your resume do you offer that your opponent lacks?  It should not matter but do you understand that not all Syrians are muslim?  Can we trust the establishment  What would you do about homeless kids and for homeless people's health  Why does the government waste tax payer money on useless animal experiments?   What would you do to protect disabled people from abusive treatments?  Would you please explain what Common Core is, exactly?  Your thoughts on America having almost 800 military facilities on foreign soil.   What 3 countries do you see as our most critical allies in the war on terror?  will it become mandatory that all police wear body cameras   How should honesty and integrity play a role in picking the next U.S. President.  What policies will you offer to bring solutions to the cost of high rent,  Free market or government should dictate success or failure of business?  If dying, would you choose an expert dr. or a novice? How is Pres. different?  What should happen if a company violates patient or finance data regulations?  What are your plans for reforming Workfare?  Should illegal aliens be allowed to vote?  Do you support the Article V Convention of States movement?  People come here just to deliver a baby and leave. Why are babies citizens?  How Can I trust our government when i can't trust you?  How would a new gun control law stop criminals/terrorists from possessing a gun?  How does granting amnesty pay the dept, improve schools & put citizens to work?  List how a nation should be punished for hacking and if should go to war over it  Obama would let 10,000 Syrian "refugees" in, but not help homeless people?  What will you do to restore an atmosphere of civility to public life?  What 3 policies will you propose to ensure all Americans are free to vote.  70s Global Cooling, then Global Warming in the 90s & now Climate Change. Why?  Give specific examples of the types of  jobs you would create upon taking office  How do you approach the United Kingdom and the European Union following Brexit?  Would you as President support September 11th as a national holiday?  What needs to be done about syrian refugees, and sanctuary cities? Should we vet  Nuclear weapon arsenal use  Why are you running for president and how will you fix this country?  Will you support the reinstatement of the Fairness Doctrine?  Would you support a bill to help Seniors get jobs and keep them?  What can the United States do to lessen the violence toward children in Syria?  How will you address Human Rights Violations in the US?  What person has had the biggest impact on your life and why?  How do you feel about public restrooms regarding LGBTQ rights ?  Refugees are fleeing from Syria to escape death  Do you approve of the new anti-terror legislation Putin passed in Russia?  Are you worried about continuing refugee crisis because of climate change  If you are elected, what would be your top three foreign policy priorities?  What have you personally done for women and children?  Do you believe that a President should act when riots consume our communities?  Would you be in favor of going back to the Clinton tax plan of 1993?  What did you do to help after 9/11?  Can you make it easier for people to receive free food when they need it?  Should cars, vans, trucks, knives & pressure cookers be banned?  What specific steps would you take to  defeat ISIS,and combat global,  Recent violent/criminal protests differ from peaceful MLK. Are these justified  Would you support the criminalization of late term or third trimester abortions?  How will you support and fund public education (and stop de-funding it)?  Are you going to take Money out of Politics (no dark money)?  What will you do to prevent rape on college campuses?  What will you do to end campus sexual assault?  Would you submit to a psychological evaluation by a randomly selected LCP?  Would you support a 21st Century incarnation of the WPA to promote job growth ?  Why do you specifically want to be president?  how will you start getting taxes from the millions of illegals who are here   What is your plan to reduce our trade deficit with the world?  Why are we faced with two of the least popular choices ever for president?  What was the money from the $8 trillion increase in the national debt spent for?  How can we mobilize religious & civil resources to reduce unwanted pregnancies?  What policies could stem the tide of women flooding our criminal justice system?  Why is the TPP being called a trade deal rather than a treaty?  In your opinion, why shouldn't your opponent be the next president of the US?  Would you instigate military action unapproved by Congress like in Libya?  Will you pledge not to run for a second term if you fail to keep your promises  A National Minimum Wage: $12, $15 or $20 per hour. Explain your reasoning  What are Safe Spaces to you?  Is it a notion that concerns you - for our youth?   Will you work with congress instead of using presidential mandates?  What are your plans and policies to reverse this unhealthy lifestyle.  How will you position America for an economy where most jobs are automated?  How do we deal with the military-industrial complex?  Do you support Israel's settlement building program on Palestinian held land?  What are you going to do to make our country safer from gun violence?  Would you govern America as an "us and them" or "us vs. them" country?    What balance would you strike between offensive cyber operations and deterrence?  Do you support the survival of the 30 year fixed rate mortgage?  Will you commit to pressuring PA Pres Abbas to make concessions to achieve peace  Should the US be the world's police agency. And if so, why ?  What character traits make for a good leader and do you have them?  How to invest $1000.00 dollars in cattle features and earn $100.000.00.  Should infidelity or divorce, of a candidate or spouse, be considered?  What specific steps would you take to repair the deficiencies of the ACA?  Name your top economic policy, how will positively impact Americans  Would you support school vouchers on the federal level.   How will you address bias in the use of stop-and-frisk?  What can be done to limit the flow of money into off-shore tax havens?  Will Presidential candidates be willing to answer debate questions, under oath?  How would you help the environment and make people conserve energy more.  Will you help bail out pension plans   What will you to to stop the revolving door of senior gov roles & industry?  Your plan with immigrants who have tried to become legal citizens but no success  Does an open borders policy create cheap labor and Democratic party voters?  What are your plans to ensure that trade agreements are fair/reciprocal.  As President, explain how you would choose members of your administration.   Will you submit yourself to a public psychological exam if the other party does?  How will you help promote entrepreneurship and stimulate economic activity ?  The releasing of tax returns: Transparency in tovernment or personal privacy ?  By when, will you keep your promise to move the embassy to Jerusalem?  Do you think that it is fair that women do not receive equal pay for equal work?  How do you plan on addressing the increasing distrust of law enforcement   What rights, not guaranteed by the constitution, should also be protected?  How can your administration, restore faith in American Democracy again?  Would you support a Family Court reform?  How many foreigners would you kill or let die to save one American life  Which strategic policies will help women-owned businesses grow and create jobs?  Should we reduce wasteful spending on costly but ineffective military supplies?  Should the US ever move to secure Pakistans nuclear weapons?  What role should federal & state law play in deterring online abuse?  What actions would you take to alleviate the humanitarian crisis in Syria?  What will you do to rein in the Federal Reserve?  Is it true that you share a "tax loophole" address in Wilmington, Delaware?  How will you meet the needs of growing female military and veteran populations?  What will you do about people in the LGBTQ community not getting opportunities?   Would you support moving tax day a week before election day?  How can you help to bridge the political divide after you are elected president?  How will you ensure the safety of white communities?  How will you improve the job market for post-college graduates?  Will you both publicly acknowledge war crimes committed by Kissinger?  How will you get your donors to pay more taxes?  What is your plan for the people that struggle with the cost of college?   Do you support the strengthening of the Civil Rights Act?   will their be a law to pass labeling of gmo foods and products?  What is your position on the Hyde Amendment?  How will you bring back compromise to running the government?   What will you do for American citizens who are homeless & hungry?  What would you focus on to ensure that all kids get an excellent education?  How would you ensure that all legitimate voters are able to vote?    Are gun safety laws a restriction on the right to bear arms?  More than formed terrorist cells, lone wolves are our greatest threat.  How will you decrease crime rates in impoverished black-dominated areas?  If N Korea used a nuke against the US or its allies would you respond in kind?  Which policies ensure economic survival for working women & those in poverty?  What will you do in your first 100 days in office?  What aspirations did you have for your daughters as you saw them grow up?  How will you help workers facing the global shift to automated manufacturing?  Does the 2nd amendment allow the right to keep and bear military style weapons?  Which specific foreign powers must America build stronger relationships with?  Do you support US military intervention in Syria?   Do you think we are/ will be at war with Russia in Syria? Are we helping ISIS?  Are trade deficits harming the US economy ?  What, exactly, is "entertaining" about demeaning and insulting women?  Do you believe that a college education is a Right or a Privilege ?  What experience do you possess to be Comm. in chief, if neither was in military?  What would you do to  eliminate abusive practices in the tax code?  How would you help prepare jobseekers for 21st Century jobs?  What will you do to lower the rising maternal mortality rate in the U.S.?   (How) will you help humanitarian aid reach the people of Syria?   Should a President place the interests of Americans above those of foreigners?  The government is spending between 350B-1T upgrading our nuclear arsenal. Why?  What's a significant mistake you made in your past, and what did you learn?  Does existing tax model promote class warfare & different classes of citizenship  What is your position on re-opening the Office of Technology Assessment  What is your opinion on the autonomy of advanced practice registered nurses?  How will you reduce the 72% of African American youth raised by single parents?  What will you do to stop the police from  killing unarmed African Americans?  What do you believe will be the consequences of income inequality for the US?  What do you feel will be your biggest personal challenge as president?  Does the president have the authority to kill an American citizen without trial?  How can we make sure tax cuts to business don't go to the pocket of the execs?  How would you handle Veteran's Affairs Hospital care, resources and benefits?  Would you support integrated treatment for co-occurring disorders (MH/SU)?  How would you correct the current trade imbalances with foreign nations ?  Will you support oppressive regimes to prop up the sale of oil in USD?  Would you advocate including Ukraine in NATO?  What will you do regarding Ukraine?  Please provide specifics of charitable activities.  Specifically, how do you plan on creating jobs  Would Trey Gowdy be a fair and Just Attorney General?  Do you think it is a civic responsibility to pay taxes?  How will you bring jobs back to America?  What do u think about immigration?  As President what will you do to secure our borders and keep America Safe   Would you enforce more rules for people that purchase guns ?  U.S.-Russian relations are rapidly declining, how would you repair them?    What will you do to ensure adequate funding for medical research?  Will government ever address our old, rotting and crumbling at-risk power grids?  At what point do citizens have a right to revolt against a despotic tyranny?  Do you believe that Black Lives Matter is a peaceful civil rights group?  What role should philanthropy play in society; how does your Foundation do this?  What is your opinion on trade schools?  How can we get Mexico to pay for a border wall?  What in your background best exemplifies your commitment to public service?  Why are allies admonished to pay their fair share but not our richest?  Could you paint a picture that will inspire people to go to the polls for you?  Do you support President Obama's veto of JASTA?  What can be done to stem the increasing distrust between the major parties?  Is the average American better off than they were at the turn of the century?  What initiatives will you propose to counter the obesity and heroin epidemics ?  Would Trey Gowdy make a fair and just Attorney General?   What should be our nation's scientific research priority?  Name two mistakes you've made in your life and what you've learned from them.  What would you do to address Veteran's Administration reform?   How will you ensure that our children are educated equally and effectively?   Do you believe in states rights to determine public education   Doesn't the failure to pay personal taxes indicate a failure to support America?  How will you help kids in need of a home?  How will you return jobs to the United States from abroad?  Will you increase funding to the NIH, and if so -by how much?  What does it actually mean to "defeat ISIS"?   How will our next President deal with the militarization of the Arctic by Russia  Will you increase funding to NASA  Faster Than Light Warp Drive research ?    How would you help make the future my son predicted come true?  How will u help the thousands of pension funds that are insolvent?  Will you support a Wealth Tax on high income individuals?   What do you think is necessary to address the nation's crumbling infrastructure?  How will you uphold the Second Amendment while preventing illegal use of guns?  Will you hold MIC accountable for fudging its accounts by trillions of dollars?  Why is entitlements rewarded over hardwork.    What should the federal government do to support and improve state universities?  How much control is right for the Federal Government to exert over education?  What limits, if any, would you find acceptable on abortion?  Is resistance to enforcement of laws ever justified for those violating them?  Do you support covert war strategies involving use of drones and funding rebels?  As president which organizations will you cut from the federal budget?  Should candidates be required to release their income tax report?  What would you do to help resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?  Do you think that more gun control will solve the problem of gun violence?  Will you support laws for full tax return release for Anyone running for govt?   How can critical thinking be made a cornerstone of American education?  What does our National Anthem mean to you & what do you think of the protests?  How would you reduce the Military budget?  Has government healthcare for our vets been a success? What improvements?  Where do you stand on Syrian dictator Bashar Assad and on the refugee crisis?   Have any US funded and armed rebel groups threatened to attack the US or allies   How do you feel about rape culture?How would you address this w/credibility?  What will you do to improve on the Affordable Care Act?  How will you revive the "made in America" movement?  What rights should natives and residents of US territories have?  how are you going to stop criminals from getting a gun  The Republicans (80s) killed OJT & federal job training (TAP).programs.   How to we control drug prices without stifling innovation in the industry?  Do you support reforms on Social Security Title IV-D & E and family law?  No platitudes or sound bites.  What would you really do to strengthen America?  Strong Cities Network  What would you do differently regarding immigration than previous presidents?  How will you prevent businesses from using tax laws to get out of paying taxes?  Why is it fair that one group decides what's fair & who pays taxes & how much?  Should politicians forego re-election  if unable to balance the budget?  How do you plan to fix the gender pay inequality?  Do you think it is a problem that the media cover polls more than policy?   what is your plan to improved our infrastructure and that way creating jobs  What will you do for students regarding student debt and unpaid internships?  Voters are angry about the gridlock in congress - how do you plan to change it?  Do you plan to reduce taxes for single people so it's affordable to live?  How does America fix foreign relations with Countries we have wrongly invaded?  Do you support $ compensation for the innocent victims of U.S. drone bombings?  Since solar output rose greatly in the past century, is global warming natural?  What can be done to stop the instability caused by our military interventions?  Tell us about a past mistake you made and why you now think it was a mistake.  What are your views on the evidence and the science of climate change?   Will you reform welfare-to-work as a mandate to get assistance payments only?     Do you believe that abortion is murder?  Would you require education and classes about effects/options prior to abortion  How do you plan to assist coastal communities as they flood more and more often?  Will you allow insurance premiums to be tax deductible for individuals?  What major changes will you propose to Congress in the first 100 days in office?  Would you abide by a States Constitutional Convention?  What does the right "to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed" mean?  Do you support a ban on charities accepting donations from foreign countries   Do you support our recent arms deal to Saudi Arabia  Why should we believe 4 more years of the same policies will make us safer?  How will you address systemic and growing inequality in this country?  How you would reduce the cost of doing business in America to keep jobs here?  How, as president, will you set the best example for America's children.  What is your position on Capitalism and in particular the future of Capitalism?  Will you petition the UN to condemn Palestinian terror, child abuse & incitement  How much did you inherit from your father?  How will you reduce student debt/ loan interest rates for a college education?  Are you an American Patriot? And describe how you have upheld the American Ideal  What would you do to fix Obamacare that so many health insurance pulled out   Will you ever address the fact that politicians have health insurance for life?   Would you support the removal of God fron thd pledge of allegiance?  Can you tell us whether you believe #blacklivesmatter?  How would you respond if fighting broke out between North and South Korea?  How will enacting gun control, keep criminals from obtains guns?  How will you inspire and focus the country on goals to achieve 4 to 6% growth?  Why are we still supporting Pakistan?  The IRS is struggling, do to its small budget. What will you do to improve IRS  Do you still believe abortion should be "safe, legal, and RARE"?  Will you create laws that shorten the campaigns? The year's has been too long.   What measures would you take to reduce incidents of gender-based violence?  What, if anything will you do to facilitate the 9/11 Truth movement?  Do you personally regard man-made climate change a scientific reality or a hoax?  How could you provide proper education for schools in need ?  How do you plan to approach the student loan debt problem in America?  Human Kind  Are the number of refugees seeking asylum related to the bombs dropped on them?  How will you improve public discourse to be more tolerant and accepting?  Will relocating all manufacturing jobs back to USA drive up the costs and hurt?  What will you do to lessen the tremendous costs and audit the Pentagon?  On a scale of 1-10 how corrupt would you say our government is?  There have been suggestions to limit legal immigration.  Tax payers with student loans can only deduct $2,500 per year. Will you address?  How were deportees granted citizenship. How do we revoke the error and deport?  How do you plan to negotiate trade deals that are more favorable than the TPP?  How will you get your donors to pay more in tax?  Is the use of unilateral executive action constitutional or proper?  Do think K street lobbyist should be allowed write Federal legislation?  What is your plan to upgrade police engagement  nationally?  How Would You Handle A Race Riot?  How much will the corporate loop hole closure bring in for the country's economy  Why are shooting sprees increasing in countries with strict gun control laws?  With the unemployment rate nearing 25%, how are you going to bring back jobs?   How have you worked to reduce the income and wealth gap between poor & wealthy?  In how many languages can you say, "Hello," or, "Thank you"?  What caused the increase in tensions between races, sexes and economic classes?  How could we make future presidential elections less polarizing and divisive?  How will you deal with illegal immigrants coming into the country?  Is the BLM organization racist?  What will you do to help Americans with invisible illnesses?  We already have high unemployment rates, why would we accept workers from Syria?  Why do you think U.N. refugee vetting is reliable?  How would you take care of millions of illegal immigrants coming to our country   Is Obamacare a success and should it be expanded?  Can a person refuse to perform a service they believe violates their religion?  Should transgender people be able to use which restroom they want?  Do you think a discussion on the use of cyber weapons/attaks is very urgent?  Do you believe that gun laws prevent criminals from obtaining firearms?   Do you support a flat tax that makes all American's pay their fair share?   How can you ensure lowering corp.  tax'll create jobs & not profit corp. exec?  What essential qualifications and qualities will those in your cabinet possess?  What restrictions should congressmen have on their activities after office?  Do you have a public library card?  Why are there so many violent shooting rampages in gun free zones?  Should there be accountability for the NSA spying on American citizens? Who?  Releasing of Tax Returns: Transparency in government or personal privacy ?  How would you keep the power of the presidency from corrupting you?  Would you agree that we need significantly more logic and reason in government?  How are you going to fix racial injustices and heal the racial divide ?   Will you close Guantanamo prison?  Will you support serious national conversation on legitimacy of taxing churches?  Do you support the permanent reauthorization of the Land and Conservation Fund?   education opens doors - how to ensure that the poor get a fair shot.  Should we maintain or decrease our high levels of military expenditure?  Which is more effective, carbon pricing or regulations in cutting emissions?Why?  Would you make English the official language of our country?  How do you feel about Common Core and how do you think it has hurt our children   Do you value Saudi oil over the will of the American people to get out of Syria  Would you tells us specifically what your foundation has done to help society?  Do you support the funding and arming of radical rebel groups to topple regimes?  Would you agree to an independent neuropsychiatric evaluation?  What would be your first project to rebuild the country's infrastructure?  Will you work to close the tax loopholes that exist? If so, how?  What do you think of big government?  What if anything would you do to change it  What fresh ideas do you have to revitalize our stagnated U.S. economy?  How can you change the media to provide citizens with an objective point of view  What makes America great?  Do you believe Wells should be able to block injured customers from suing it?  How will you improve public health outcomes?  What will you do to change the laws for sex offenders to better protect our chil  How are the ACA buy in premiums are sustainable to working families?  Congress participate in SSI and elimate pension and have fair wage increase?  Specifically, what will you do to get manufacturing jobs back that we have lost  Do you see the country's debt as a problem? How would you solve it?   How should Americans think about the Statue of Liberty in 2016?  How will your policies help disabled Americans find jobs?  Tell us about your own family's immigration story.    Over the last 8 years has quality of life in our inner cities improved/declined   What's the last time you changed your position on an important issue  Would you close corporate and personal tax loopholes?  How will you stop atrocities against women,Christians & Jews  in the mid east  Why not have safe areas in terrorist-tie countries versus bringing refugees here  Should unborn children have the same human rights as they have after birth?  Do you find it frightening that more Americans expect free stuff from government  Is Vladimir Putin a threat to the United States?  Will you close tax loopholes that benefit the rich? If so, how?  Do you believe that everyone on earth has the right to immigrate to the USA?  The President should above all be TRUSTWORTHY. How do you exemplify this trait?  When does life begin, and how can you prove it?  What will you do about toxic materials in household products?  Whistle blowers serve a public service. How would you protect them from harm?  What makes you think the American people can trust you?  How do you plan on challenging Putin's brinkmanship in international affairs?   Will you keep the crackpot militarists out of your administration?  American exceptionalism  Would you make it illegal to donate money to your own non-profit organization?   How is your tax plan more fair than a flat tax (same tax % rate for all)?  How will you prevent an escalation of conflict in Syria with Russia and Assad?  Is it OK that Obama is rushing citizenship to illegals so they can vote  How will you help the middle class?  How do you feel when a governent employee lies before the congress or the senate  How will you cross partisan lines to make government work for the people?  How would you address the opportunity gap between black and white K-12 students?  How would you handle America's high cost of infrastructure construction?  Would you support a convention to amend the constitution?   FATCA is harming millions of overseas Americans.  How will you fix it?  What percent of your income do you pay in taxes?   How can we trust you to be our voice?    Will you terminate the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) .  Is lying part of your campaign strategy?  As President, what steps will you take to prevent radicalization on US soil?  Can we go 100% renewable energy within 10 years?  How will you improve our foreign relations with Russia and China?   How would you improve protection of critical infrastructure from cyber attacks?  Do you have plans to make this country more accommodating for disabled citizens?  How will you help educate the underprivileged in the US ?  Should the government update the 1963 model for measuring poverty?   How do you plan on improving the education system?  What will you do to decrease health insurance premiums for employees?  Do you think it is America's responsibility to govern the world?  Social Security-   Do you support increasing the federal minimum wage to $15/year over 4 years?    What would you do to ensure passage of a large infrastructure spending bill?  Will you combat overreach, corruption,  and cronyism in environmental policy?  Should our food be regulated at the Federal level?  How can you make college free? Won't you just take my income tax to pay for it?  Is Islam compatible with Western Civilization?  Why doesn't health insurance cover care with clients with Alzheimer's  ?  Princeton University study: Public opinion has near-zero impact on U.S. law.  In your administration, would you increase or decrease the funding for science?  What policies would you enact to strengthen civil rights laws.   What are your views on the balance of power between branches of government?  Will you enforce a Life At Conception Act protecting Persons from womb to tomb?  Do you support drug price increase limits for folks with severe disabilities  Will you allow Syrian refugees into United States?  Outline your strategy to remedy the crippling cost of college education  Will you break up monopolies?  Why does the FDA allow chemical/perseratives in food rather encourage organic  What is your response to the phrase "All Lives Matter"?  How will you handle the disparity of sexism and racism in this country?   will you continue the perpetual war policies of the US?  Should  the minimum wage be a living wage?  How do we end governmental stagnation rooted in private campaign financing?  How will you prove BEFORE November that you will oppose the TPP if you win?  What skills do you bring to the table when it comes to diplomacy?   if you become president, how would you pull America out of debt?  Would you support universal automatic voter registration?  What specific plans do you have for  public education so all students graduate?   Would you do anything to overturn the NY SAFE Act, and state-level gun bans?  off notes, from the heart, how important is israel to you and why?  What will you do about Flint?  If you become president, will you try to stop animal abuse and how?   What will you do to prevent radical Islamic terror attacks in the United States?  What is your foreign & domestic strategy for defeating Radical Islamic terrorism  Will you continue President Obama's drone war across the Middle East?  How much will it cost the U.S. Treasury to "mitigate" climate change?  What will you do to protect LGBTQ citizens from life-altering discrimination?  Will you continue President Obama's policy of normalizing relations with Cuba?  How will you address the undocumented immigrant processing issue?     What are your thoughts on three strikes laws propagated by Bill Clinton?  Voters have no choice but to follow a budget, why does government get a pass?  Do your positions on reproductive rights benefits womens health and freedom?  Do you support unlimited Wall Street Donations?  What is your plan to fight climate change and/or stop it?  What will you do to speed up services provided to veterans suffering from PTSD?  The privatization of public education, is hurting public education.   Will you expose and remove, those who are corrupt and working in our government?  What is your position on climate change, and do you support the Paris Accord.  U.S. Military Spending vs. the World  Would you keep Guantanamo Bay open as a prison facility?  Other than the 2nd amendment, what is your favorite amendment and why?  Do you honor your oath to the Constitution?  Specifically the second amendment ?  How will you maintain better security of classified information?  How do you plan to get the Congress to work with you on the issues and plana you  Should politicians be held accountable for their failings, like everyone else?  How would you address the issues facing girls and ensure their voices are heard?  Do you support Smart fingerprint technology to unlock guns?  What is your stance on providing paid family medical leave to workers in need?  How would you fight domestic terrorism in America caused by home-grown hatred?  Do you agree with Obama's plan to spend $1 Trillion on new nuclear weapons?  Should states have the right to ban gay marriage and gay sex again?  How would you get Americans all rowing in the same direction again?  How can you assure voters that you respect & support women's dignity & equality?  Your position on commercial and tourist development in the national parks?  What policies would you pursue to combat the threats posed by climate change?  What do you feel is the greatest civil rights issue of the time?   Should a special prosecutor be appointed to investigate high level corruption?   How do you ensure effective government spending for infrastructure improvements?  Please tell us your plans to defeat ISIS.  Do you agree that  climate change denial is a very expensive hoax  WHEN will thousands of toxic hydrofracked wells STOP& renewables be implemented?  What is your plan to reduce the national debt?  Why should we trust you to be our voice?    Do you think we should end direct-to-consumer prescription drug advertising?  Do you support Roe vs. Wade?  What is your immigration plan for those currently living in the US illegally?   How will you decrease the taxes for working class families.  What you do believe will be the consequences of global warming if not acted on ?  What measures will you take to increase voter participation?  What does it really mean to make America great again?  Why do you deserve the women's vote?  Which programs would you cut from our $581 Billion/year military budget?  What income level is considered "Wealthy"  What would you do to increase our nation's cybersecurity?  If Obamacare is repealed, how many Americans will lose their health insurance?  Will you uphold the right for same sex-marriage and for gays/lesbians to adopt?  What do you plan to do to make the income tax code fairer?   How do you feel about green energy and green jobs?  How would you handle climate change, even further beyond the 2016?  Do you support the repeal of the carried interest tax loophole?  Where do you stand on the regulation and taxation of marijuana?  What would you do to promote manufacturing in the US?  Has your Charity Foundation acted ethically?  Why was Obama's social security number issued in Connecticut?  Should government be held to the same strict regulatory standards as businesses?  Are Americans better off today than we were eight years ago?  Why no mass shootings at rifle & gun shows, yet rampages in gun free zones?  Will you make Dental Care added to Medicare a priority?  What are examples of the wealthy providing services normally provided by govt?  As president, what would you do to help foster research and development?  Will you prosecute all past and future corruption and abuse of government power?  Would you support a maximum two term limit for every political office?  Will you provide 3 details about how you plan to help combat climate change?  Why should we trust you to make ethical and fair decisions in complex situations  As President will you set term limits and retirementpkg for congress and senate   Please address your partys platform on actions needed to combat climate change.  At what point in a president's term is it too late to appoint a SCOTUS justice?  Should white nationlist groupse be listed as Home Grown Terrorists?  Would you fill Supreme Court vacancies with justices who support women's rights?  Is there a need to increase and improve our military forces?  What can you do to stop illegal immigrants from getting health care  If you could snap your fingers and establish an American NHS, would you?  Do you believe that elected officials should be paid minimum wage?  WHAT IS the  GREAT PACIFIC GARBAGE PATCH and why do you never discuss it?   Do you have any nationwide plan for dealing with costs of climate change?  Will you work to expand the Affordable Care Act or create similar legislation?  Is it patriotic for a POTUS candidate to manufacture products abroad?  If not the IRS model to cure government corruption, then what is your cure?   What environmental policies would be most beneficial to the country and planet ?  How will you control rising healthcare costs while increasing quality of care?  Do you believe Americans have a right to Bodily Autonomy  Why is enforcement and verification of Citizenship for voting not proper.   Do you believe the construction of the DAPL violates long-standing Tribal rights  What do you believe the role of government should be in today's economy?  What's your view on the concentration of media control/ownership in this country  How will you go about fixing the Justice System?  How will you make quality healthcare truly affordable and available to seniors?  How will you rein in an increasingly imperial presidency?  How can we safeguard against too much corporate influence in government policy?  Would you, as president, move to dismantle the Patriot Act?  How would you tackle the issue of poverty?  Congressional Reform  How can we improve infrastructure and develop better local/national transport  Will you as President safeguard a woman's right to full reproductive choice?  If elected President would you promise to not hide emails on a secret server?  Do you support the Article V Convention of States movement?  How will you filter out home grown terrorists?  Does immigration have a net positive or negative impact on the economy?  Would you say that the biggest threat facing America is Islamic terrorism?  What is your opinion on Smart Growth and pedestrian/transit-oriented cities?  What is your stance on Unions?  Should publicly funded foundations be permitted to accept foreign money 4 favors  Do you support "pay for play" schemes that sell access to our government?   Arabs want our military out of the Middle East. Why not bring all troops home?  Do you pledge to oppose any version of the TPP trade deal when in office?   What will your stance be on transgender rights in the United States?  How do we stop a lame-duck Congress from passing TPP after the elections?  Would you end the criminal colonial relationship between USA and Puerto Rico?  What are you going to do about money in politics? Do you support Dodd Frank?  How will you deal with illegal immigrants coming into the country?  Do you believe that all American children should have access to healthcare?   How can we continue with the Electoral College Voting?  How will you incorporate the student voice when addressing issues of higher ed?  Why is it that the middle class White American cannot receive financial aid?  Will you be proposing price limit regulations prescriptions on pharmaceuticals?  What policies would you pursue to curtail human trafficking in the US & abroad?  Do you think that America is perceived as weak due to Obama's foreign policies?  How can the US be free from Big Oil's control of government?  What long term plan do you have to increase education funding?  How would you stop insurance companies from exiting the Affordable Care Act?  What will you do to further the move toward complete campaign finance reform?  What will you do to combat sexual violence within our colleges and universities?  Can you please briefly summarize your plans for middle class America?  Marriage Equality and Equal Rights for LGBTQ Citizens  How will you break up giant corporations & return competition to our marketplace  Keeping the second amendment in place is paramount!  How would you help to restore the rights guaranteed by the Fourth Amendment?  How is it just that restaurant workers get paid as little as $2.13/hr.?  Will you commit to a presidential pardon of Edward Snowden?  What will you do to combat the growing trend of police violence?  What specific proposals do you have that will shore up Social Security?  What jobs would you tell kids to consider who will finish school in 8 years?  What does voting mean to you and how can we increase voter turnout?  Describe a state economic plan that could bring jobs to the whole U.S. if used.  Perform the debate under oath:  Would you support a stronger Environment Protection Agency ?  Will you support gun registration so that guns used in crimes can be tracked?  Should government be involved in picking the types of business that win or lose?  Please name 5 countries, their capitals, and their head(s) of state.  Why should any American have to compete with an illegal immigrant for a job.  What is your plan to improve public education for disadvantaged communities?   Should a candidate who's violated the public trust be considered for President?  How does granting amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants impact healthcare?  What will you do to ensure we meet our commitment to the Paris Climate Agreement  Should it be legal for government officials to make millions in speaking fees?  Nearly 20,000 men and women in the military are sexually assaulted each year..   Will you declare the opioid/heroin overdose epidemic a Public Health Emergency?  How will you address the effects of animal agriculture on climate change?  How would you overcome the trade deficit and stop companies from leaving the USA  What plans do you have to regulate the gun industry?  Will you consider working to help increase the punishment for animal cruelty?  I am concerned about our food and water. What is your position on GMO seeds?  Please answer a sampling of questions from a US. Citizizenship test.  How will your administration work to limit both methane and carbon emissions?  Why is the U.S. The only Major Power that can't figure out Health and Education?  Do you believe race relations would improve under your presidency, and why?  Why should we allow immigrants in US & support them when VETS aret not supported  How do you intend to make college free for all students?  Does amassing a private fortune while serving in public office promote US values  Do you agree that an amnesty for illegal immigrants disrespects our laws?  Has either candidate accepted money from countries that oppress minorities?  Specifically, how will you reduce income inequality, AND create jobs?    Do we still need corn subsidies? Why or why not?  How will you restore our nation BACK to a Constitutional Republic?  Can justice ever be served when those committing crimes are given immunity?  what will you do to correct the problem of mental health care in this country?  Do you support raising the minimum wage?  Do you feel that major changes need to be made to Banking & Finance industries?   How would you combat systemic racism?  Where do you stand on State Sovereignty?  How will you reform the tax code to prevent the rich from paying less taxes?  What do you plan to do to give all Black students a safe and quality education?  Give five steps in your plan to ensure that every American has health insurance.  How would you improve access, affordability and quality in US  health care?  Will you support a ban on fracking?  What are your views on term limits and Citizens United?  How will you ensure that the rights of transgender citizens are protected?  Are you willing to invest in America & Americans instead of wars & empire?  How do you plan to reduce the number of sexual assaults on women in the US?   With 95 million Americans out of work, would you support a halt to immigration?  What will you do to end the failed,  costly and profoundly racist  war on drugs?  What will you do to protect Syrian civilians and bring peace to Syria?  Will you vow to never approve the TPP even if it's changed?  Is appointment to office after a monetary contribution a conflict of interest?  What is your position on Term Limits and why?  Some corporations would like to privatize our water supply.  Will you plan to keep or end the Federal Reserve?  How do we fix "post-factual politics"?  Will LGBTQ Americans Be Safer Under Your Presidency?  70% of the federal budget is spent on entitlement programs. Is this sustainable?  Will you support legislation allowing Medicare to directly negotiate drug prices  Do you think that there should be requirements for running for president?  Should the public be allowed to vote on congressional pay raises?  How do we increase opportunities for high potential, low income students?  Would you support a complete switch to clean energy by or close to 2020?  Why should someone who makes millions of dollars not pay his fair share of taxes  Do you think the destruction of emails subpoenaed by congress is a crime ?  Should a President be allowed to pardon him/herself?  SPECIFCALLY how would you propose and pass effective gun control?  Why do we have the money for illegal wars but not universal health care?  Which one of you has the courage to end the Fed and wipe out the National Debt?  Will you strengthen ALL animals (farm&pets) rights from abuse,testing,euthanasia  How does your immigration policy benefit American citizens?  What is your plan to put Americans back to work?  Sanctuary Cities: What about the Civil Rights of legal, law-abiding citizens?   What would you do as President to protect disabled people of color?  Why should we keep giving Israel military aid while it refuses to make peace?  Why are we accepting a disproportionately low amount of the Christian refugees?  Would you require cabinet and other appointees to submit tax returns?   After what the DNC did to Bernie, how would you guarantee fair elections?  How do you intend to address global warming?  How will you prepare America for rising unemployment due to Automation and AI?  Are political contributions speech, and are corporations people?  What plans do you have to provide better support for our veterans?  What do you say to men who catcall women, what will you do about rape culture?  What will you do to advance women rights including a woman's right to choose?  How does state-testing through ESSA help or harm students and schools?  How will you close the growing gender gap in technology jobs?  How will you work to give independent voters a voice in our political system?  What will you do to stop violence and injustice against women?  How do you propose to vet refugees from countries hostile to the United State  What will you do to protect LGBTQ individuals and families?  How will you eradicate childhood poverty in this country?  How will you ensure that the US maintains its edge in science and technology?   Without individual income taxes, how will we fund defense & vets benefits?  Would you support amending the Constitution to include equal rights for women?  What will you do as President to fend off the privatization of public education?  Would you support publicly funded elections?  Will you end the $24 Billion/year in subsidies we give to oil/gas/coal industry?  What would you do as President to prevent unfair price gouging by big pharma?  What will you do to fix Green Card Backlogs for legal high skilled immigrants?  Currently Medicare by law is barred from negotiating lower Rx  How will you advance anti-discrimination laws for LGBT+ Americans? 
How do you plan to mitigate the cost and health effects of obesity?  Was the tragedy in Benghazi that cost 4 Americans their lives avoidable?  How?  As president, where do you stand? American citizens first, or all people first?   Explain why it's smart not to pay taxes but go after companies that do the same  What would you do to help small businesses in rural area where jobs are scarce?  Why won't you support the inclusion of third party candidates in debates?  What do you believe are the roles and responsibilities of the US government?  How do you propose to handle   both the military demand and humanitarian crisis   Where do you see the future of working in the US?  What new anti-trust legislation is needed to limit market consolidations?  If elected, will you be able to recruit women  to work in the White House?  Would you support a Debate from experts on BOTH side as to Global Climate Warmin  What steps you will take to reduce the burden of student loan?   What do you think is the core of America's gun problem and what will fix it?  What lessons have you learned about yourself during this presidential campaign?  How will you advance the economic rights of women in the workplace and society?  How can you ensure safety for ppl of color from racial harassment after Nov 4?  What will be your plan if aliens arrive on American soil?   Should President possess Business Acumen? Imprt  Characteristics? Success?  The 2 of u stronger together would make America greater, after this debaucal  Do you think the National Enquirer is a credible news source? Why or why not?    Straight talk - How do you plan on can justly represent ALL Americans?  What do you propose to do about rapidly rising prices, though not wages?  Can hospitals stay in business if all coming to ED must be treated, no insurance  From a 61 year old woman in NC, Bea Stokes  Your opponent wins the election fair and square. How will you respond?    Relations with Russia are deterioting and how will you prevent kinetic warfare   What are your plans for keeping our children safe from gun violence?  Consider putting all power grid underground.  Do you feel that older vets need to be treated with more respect.  Why can't people who are disabled get the money that they put in there jods  How well do you think congress will work with either of you in passing bills   Why are our citizens arbitrarily left to live unhappy lives?  Why does America seem to live by the Orwellian dystopian slogan "War is Peace"?  What will you do if you are not elected?  How is it that congress can create laws that they exempt themselves from?  How will you deal with the millennial and X generations not wanting to work?  Primary and secondary education in the USA is in serious trouble.  What would it take to establish a term limit for congressmen and senators?  Would you support laws governing media bias?  Why is it that this country feels anything but free?  If we enter into a fight, will you allow our military to win. rules of ingagemen  Do you support Distributism? Why or why not?  Do you believe there is sufficient regulation of banking to prevent recession?  Would you support requiring that Felons only suffer court prescribed penalties?  How are you better than your opponent  Handling of electronic communications  How will you make our military the greatest in the world again?  What would you do to get a jump on the debt?  Name your top three priorities as president and how you would affect change.  Should photo identification be required to vote in the general election?  Do you feel debate moderators should be elected by the people?  What will you do about our nation's ever crowded highway system?  What will you do to increase the opportunities for the disabled to work from hom  Do you believe Congress should be made to live by the laws they enact?  What is your plan for the first 100 days in office?  Should the current laws against monopolies be changed to address large corporate  Is subsidizing private education a good idea?  Should a President have prior experience in government at any level?  The president ought to have a sense of humor. What's your favorite joke?  Do you think the media gives proper attention to the most important questions?  What will you do about the growing number of home-grown terrorists in America?  Can you use straight talk to demonstrate how you would represent ALL Americans?  What message do you send to the hundreds of thousands of DREAMers?   As President should you recognize  mistakes and apologize as needed?  What will you do to revamp our nation's food industry?  Do you feel that you have prejudices that are a work in progress to overcome?  Do you feel that you have prejudices that are a work in progress to overcome?  You've expressed general regret for some actions. Which ones DON'T you regret?  What has to happen for you to commit US Troops to another country ?  How to remedy our narcissistic, empty suit politicians in DC?  Do you think the government can best take care of our health needs?  How do you plan to get money out of politics?  What will you do for trans individuals who are seeking to medically transition?  How would you handle an alien extraterrestrial encounter?  Is it ok to be disrespectful and then say you are just being anti-PC?  How will you help move people toward a more healthy and sustainable diet?  How will your financial interests not influence Presidential decisions?   Will you support making Medicare optional rather than compulsory?  How will you try to heal the racial divide that is happening in our country?  All people want the same thing. Safety, enough food to eat and respect as a  What steps can your administration take to prepare for a "post-jobs" economy?  What diseases deserve top-priority in congressional research funding?  We have watched you closely and witnessed your behavior.  Will u confess to us?  Several former Chairmen of the Joint Chiefs of Staff have  Would you support regime change in Russia?  What do you suppose would happen if your opposing candidate became President?  Want will you do to insure our military men & women are care for.  How to direct your education programs to counter divides by race, sex, ethnici,   As president, what is your plan for  decreasing the national debt?  Do u believe that "talk radio" needs 2b more reg by fed govt than it is now  To whom are you ultimately accountable for your behavior and attitudes?   What makes you the candidate for the AMERICAN people, ALL American people.   What will you do to lower the cost of medications?  Would you support making Social Security need-based to increase its solvency?  What is your stance on reparations for the descendants of African slaves?  The DMV is one of the more hated entities (next to the IRS) would you abolish...  What single metric provides the best indication of the success of a Presidency?  What are your criteria for selecting  candidates for the U.S. Supreme   Court?  Is extreme carelessness of classified information a punishable offense for all?  How will you comply with setting up a blind trust of your businesses  Do you believe Breitbart News has a right to exist in its current form  What will you do to protect our border and stop unvetted Refugees?  What changes would you make and ask of Congress to balance our national budget?  How can I afford a standard healthcare insurance plan for me and my wife?  What plans do you have for streamlining the college graduate to career process?  What would be the single most damaging provision of TTP to the economy and why?  Are you a person that children should look up to and emulate, and why?  How do you plan on going about freeing Kodak Black?  Do u believe political talk radio as exists toda.should b additionally regulated  Does marital infidelity, or tolerance of same, disqualify a candidate?  Are you proud of the manner in which you have run this and past campaigns?  The US Department of State legitimized the Coup in Honduras  What would you do to improve the structure of the foster system in America?  Do you agree with Obama's "no first use" nuclear weapons policy? Why or why not?  What would you do for Russian aggression and escalation in the Baltic States.  Would you support the R&D of nutritional and natural remedies ...  Funds taken from SOCIAL SECURITY recently!  Do you agree with the majority of Americans who want to halt the refugee influx?  Can we remove the practice of Daylight Saving     How will morality inform your decisions and impact your governance as President?  How will you bring down the number of people imprisoned for minor offenses?  Do you support a Convention of States?  NC is one of the largest homeschool states.   Will you continue to allow   Candidates say they didn't say things they are ON VIDEO SAYING, why do this?  Will you protect confederate monuments, and stop the war on all things southern?  Should you not win the election, will you continue to pursue a political career?  Should people under criminal investigation be allowed to run for office?  How will you send a message to congress that they can't refuse to do their jobs?  Do you think bank executives should be charged criminally when fraud happens?  Should rioting protesters be screened for government benefits?  Other than your ego, why are you both running for President?  What will you do to support population control in the US and around the world.?  Why is government important?  You both claim to have opposed the Iraq war, yet the focus is on the civilian   How does heroin get into this country? How will you stop this epidemic?  Where do you stand on the war in Yemen and the responses of the U.S and others?  Re NAFTA, why do you not state the fact that this was in fact a Republican bill?  Will you fund DVT/PE blood clot education in your budget proposal?  Will you declare Pakistan a terrorist state and secure its nuclear weapons?  Do you support the manufacturing of nuclear weaponry?  What would you do to teach our kids to embrace diversity?  How will you create jobs  Would you support the death penalty for  criminals who kill police officers?  How do you alleviate fears that you are not suited nor should be President?  Is stop and frisk, properly conducted constitutional or not?  Will you uphold your sworn oath of office & not violate the U.S. Constitution?  Do you agree that women should alone decide abortion rights and men silent?  What tax changes will you promote for the middle class and not the rich?    What if this were a job interview?  As a builder you expect full financial disclosure, you refuse to disclose return  What is a selfless act you have done in the past?  Do you believe that all rights not enumerated in constitution are reservd   How much of GDP should go through government?  What is fair fed tax rate for 1% which is $400,000 single & up  Be very specific  Are opinions more important than facts? Why or why not?  What will you do to clean up our food supply?  Would you support turning power of Social Security & Medicare to states.  What restrictions, if any, do you believe are on presidential power?  Explain how your tax plan creates jobs and reduces budget deficit?  If you are pursuing a criminal case, when and why do you offer immunity?  Our military manpower has been cut to historic low levels.  With a bloated government. What  programs would you cut to save money?  Do you have many lifelong friends?  Tell us about one of them.  Orthodox Jews perform a circumcision ritual that involves direct oral suction.  How would you bridge the urban / rural divide in America?  Will you enforce the law against politicians who break it.   Would your policies create more competetion for monopolies harming the economy?  What is enough military spending?  How would you protect Christian beliefs from secular tyranny in schools & laws?  Do you support reparations being paid to the African-American community?  Do candidates have regrets given the fact that both are considered untrustworthy  Do you believe Julian Assange is complicit in his role in Cablegate  The military has opened all MOS(s) to women and are now considering the draft   How are you going to change the society and community in a good way?   If you could add an amendment, what would it be and why?  Is any hateful act perpetuated on another because of race a "hate crime" ...  How can we fight overfishing at home and abroad?  Recently a mother of a 5 year old declared her child to be transgender  Can Jobs that are outsourced be brought back, how and what's the negative impact  WHAT WOULD YOU DO TO STOP THE CORRUPTION AND LYING OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT  Do you believe in "choice" for poor students in k-12 a b par schools  How do you plan to address postpartum mental health issues?   How do you plan to make education more affordable to the lower class?  Are you the lesser of two evils?  In this campaign, the topic of honesty has been raised about each candidate.   What can we possibly gain from a military confrontation with Russia in Syria?  What are your thoughts on a 30-hour work week?  Can you list the bill of rights and all amendments?   The first amendment names 5 freedoms. Which if any need modification or adjust.  How do we protect average citizens from unethical corporate behavior.   where do you stand on raising the 745.00 minimum SSD payment to a living wage   What will you do to increase representation of women in the Secret Service?  What energy policy changes will you use to decrease CO2 & stop Global Warming?  Has government institutions like Homeland Security helped make America safer?  Explain the replacement of the term "global warming" with "climate change".  How will you deliver on your campaign promises without a majority in the Senate?  Is it right that we have an ever skyrocketing national debt?  What would you do during the first 100 days of your presidency?  Why can't all illegals, no matter who, be removed from our country???  Would you be the first President to offer an official apology for slavery?  What community service in your past has prepared you for the job of President?  What tax reforms would you implement to close current loopholes used by the rich  Wall Street traders are costing Americans billions at the pump. Will you end it?  What is the first step you will take to help heal political divisiveness?  Which government regulations would you eliminate or change and how?  What single event or single period of time in your life has been most formative?  Are psychiatric disorders disqualifying in a presidential candidate?  Would you increase capital gains taxes?  What will you do to eliminate the corruption that is rampant in US government?  Does an unborn child have constitutional rights? Why or why not?  What are the candidates views on NASA? Do either plan on restoring it?   How will you support parents of children living with disabilities?   What is your stance on the War on Drugs?   Please tell us a mistake you have made and how learning from it has helped you.  What should the government policy be on ethanol?  Have you ever been wrong about something and what did you learn as a result?  Would you support placing welfare recipients in government work programs  What are your plans to end systemic and institutional racism?  Why does it seem the black race is going backwards?  Is offshoring of paid political trolls on the internet a national sec. issue?  What will you do to stop the terrorist group Black Lives Matter?  Why do you want to be President? What defining moment made you run?   Why do you want the job of American President and why should we choose you?  Do you support "trickle down" economics, and if so why?  Can you prevent Food Stamp recipients from sellibg their food stamps for cash?  If you subscribe to the slogan, "Make America Great Again," what is not great?  How would you address global climate change?  What will you do about for-profits schools, pharmacies, and prisons?  Need an army of technologist for Cyber Warfare. How do you make it possible?  What do you believe should be the top marginal tax rate?  What would you do to improve education in the United States?  You've both been involved in corporations with bad labor rights records  Can a pres promote American technology when they don't get basic net security?  Is America a more safer nation today than before 9/11? Why or why not?  If they disagreed, how much would you listen  to advisor's differing opinions?  How do you plan to help those in the lower economic class?  What is your stance on the new bathroom policy? and should it be enforced?  Do u believe in any limits on abortion?  If yes , name 2 examples  How important are the lives of American soldiers to you? And to  How can we reduce the stigma surrounding mental health?   Do you believe in gender equality - equal rights for both men and women? Why?  What will you do to recreate a safe society for people of all races?  Do you feel political leaders should be held to a different legal standard than   What specific actions will you take to help those with student loan balances?  Do you support water conservation efforts, like reducing our consumption of beef  Should states have the right to enact Term Limits on it's elected officials?  Who do you believe creates jobs in our society and how do they create jobs ?  Why isn't Gary Johnson included in this debate?  How Much Money Did You Receive From Your Deceased Parents' Wills  Who will your advisors be?  Have you released a list of at least 12  scotus nominees from which u will pick?  Do you support expanding the nation's National Parks, Forests, and Wildernesses?  How can you suggest you understand the struggles of the middle and lower class?  How will you ensure that taxes PAID are progressive? > income,higher % paid?  How will you address the undermining of traditional American principles?  What is your stance on the confederate flag? and should it be banned?  What will you do to ensure citizens will receive the medicine they require?  What makes you qualified to be our next President?  Would you support a territorial tax system similar to other OECD countries?  Should it be required of anyone running for office to have a certified checkup?  Are you willing to go to war with Russia to remove Pesident Assad from Syria?  Do you acknowledge that revenues  & deficits  after the 2003 Bush Tax Cuts?  What 2 major accomplishments will you accomplish in your first 4 years?  Is it fair that all of the moderators of these debatesa are Democrats?  What will you do to influence a vegan meal at every food producing business?  Black Lives Matter or All Lives Matter?  Would you support a plan to install solar panels on every school in US?  What restraint will you show to protect our constitutional rights?  Will you repeal the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000?  When was the last time you read the Constitution and can you recite the preamble  What does the constitution mean to you?   Do you want to ban all Muslims from entering the U.S.?  Should you have the same standard regarding classified info as our military?   So few of us have defined benefit plans How will you help secure our retirement   How would you address global climate change?  Governor McCrory is against repealing the HB2 or "bathroom bill".  Do you agree?  How do we sustain cities and regions with declining industries?  What are Common Core Standards and do you support their implementation?   As president how would you have handled the situation in Benghazi  Do you favor legislation formally authorizing Puerto Rico to decide its future?  Do you support social democracy such as it exists in parts of Europe?  As a negotiator, explain your biggest successes (if applicable) and failures.  How do you feel about the federal legalization/decriminalization of   Promote acceptance and appreciation of difference to foster a sense of community  Do you know what makes a document or information classified?  What does I take responsibility for look like in actions with examples?   Do you fully support the Dodd-Frank Act?  How would you respond if your daughter was spoken about as a sex object?  What is your position on "Stand Your Ground Laws" that vary from state to state?  What will you do to restore positivity to the public consciousness?  How does the "No Fly" list defeat a citizen's Constitutional right to bear arms?  What plans do you have to address student loan debt.  Is there a shortage of underskilled labor N USA + what about illegal immigration  Does Life Begin at Conception?  I'm a 30 vet. I would be in prison for mishandling class mat. What is your stand  Should the Commander-In-Chief Openly Discuss Military Operations to the world?  Do you believe women havec a right to be heard when alleging sexual assault  Considering the Welfare System in this country.  Where should radioactive nuclear wate be stored for the next 10,000 years?  How would you educate the American people to how taxes are used to support them?  Make e-Verify mandatory for employers and LANDLORDS?  What will you do to help the Alzheimer's abusive patients at the nursing home?  Should civil rights groups like BLM be prosecuted for inciting violence?  Why do we help refugees from other countries but still have homeless Americans?   Will you prevent members of hate groups from becoming law enforcement officers?   What is your plan to prevent the United States from defaulting on its debt?  10K turn 65 everyday, what will you do to fund Alzheimer's research?  What would you do to restore the purchasing power of the middle class?  Planned Parenthood founder, Margaret Sanger believed in Eugenics and genocide  What will you do to stop the "school to prison" pipeline?  Should corporations who dodge taxes lose the benefits of U.S. citizenship?  If elected president, what is the first step you will take to prevent terrorism?  Are "laws" for the little people?  Give examples in your experience.  what is the cost on a per person basis for Syrian immigrants  to be settled here  Would you make use of e-verify mandatory ?  What will you do to stop sexual assault in our military?  How will you support the Christianity community and Israel?  What will you do to fix the vast disparity between income and the cost of living  Do you support better welfare standards for farm animals?  Are you aware of the threat that nuclear power poses to the world?  Thoughts on the Johnson Amendment. Explain if this is unconstitutional or not.  Does giving 5m illegal Immigrants work permits affect job availibilty or wages  What are you going to do about ocean pollution?  What will you do to make sure that all Americans have access to healthcare?  Will you consider increasing active duty military within the US border ?  What is your plan to stabilize the Middle East.   Why will your plan work?  What will you do to improve the employment of persons with disabilities?    What will you do to lessen corporate control of the US governement?  Would you consider the release of marijuana jailed offenders as well  Do you believe that students should be required to take civics in school.  Would you support legislation requiring proof of citizenship to register to vote  What is your position on abortion at 36 weeks?  Are you willing to close corporate tax loop holes before a cutting govern. help?  Why is it important for every American to pay our fair share of taxes?  What action will you take to ensure workplace equality for women?  Where should radioactive nuclear wate be stored for the next 10,000 years?  Will you indeed uphold religious and all freedoms and the constitution?   Are you for shipping in more middle eastern people into the USA? Why/why not  Do you agree with doctors and scientists that children should be vaccinated?  Do you feel current government Entitlement programs need to be reformed?  Would you support a national minimum standard for police training?   What will you do to stop continued warming of our oceans due to CO2 emissions?  How do you expect the presidency to affect your own financial situation?  Do you get most support from the wealthy/big corporations or small donors?  What is your position on waterboarding and other acts that some consider torture  Do you believe in the individual right to self-defense using a gun?  How will you ensure that every vote is represented fairly in pres. elections?  Do you believe there is racial inequity in the criminal justice system? Why?  What would you do--or propose--to slow down the world-wide population explosion?  Will you return power to the States, and stop  the constant Federal overreach?  Do you support a "path to citizenship" for those who are here illegally?  Give us 3 concrete policies that you will pursue to help small businesses.  Do you support the continued drone bombings in various countries?  What is America's role in the world today?  With almost 20 trillion in debt, what is your plan to grow the economy.   How is Illegal Immigration affection jobs and economy.  What is your position on the current state of the FDA & the job they are doing?  What would you do to stop serial rapists from harming women?  Will you end the failed drug war and make it a public health priority instead?  Would you consider ending the "MIDDLE MAN" health insurance system we now have?  How will you rid the Gov't of Muslim Brotherhood/ISIS associated individuals?  Do you agree that the legalization of marijuana would help the economy?  Do we have a responsibility to protect biodiversity on earth?  In what ways do you plan to protect citizen's First Amendment Rights  What percentage of contributions collected should a charity keep for itself?  As President, how would you, or would you, re-evaluate the War on Terror?  What do you plan to do about illegal immigrants?  What is your plan to get the United States to a 100% renewable energy grid?  Why do we not refute the notion that minimum wage was ment to be a livable wage?  Do you support the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP)?   How will you get guns off our streets?  What should the federal income tax rate be for the wealthiest  1% of Americans?   Americans can't find jobs, immigrants take jobs, who is your priority?      How will you ensure safety and equality for LGBTQ, Muslims, people of color?  Would you downgrade marijuana to a schedule II drug?  How will the governments IT Systems and Policies be overhauled?   do you condone sanctuary cities protecting illegal immigrants?  What is your plan for long term care for Younger-onset Alzheimer's victims?  How would you close loopholes in the current tax system ?  Do you support single payer healthcare which would ensure quality care for all?  What will you do to ensure a free and equal public education to all children?  Will you take a leadership role in achieving a nuclear weapons ban treaty?  How will you deal with the riots occurring as of late?  As President, what will you do to reduce worldwide animal poaching?  Do you support  the restructuring of benefits and pay for the legislative branch  Do you support a federal anti-SLAPP statute?  Would you support placing federal elected officials under Social Security?  How will you deal with violent groups that incite race-tension and rioting?  How do you plan to unify the country and make sure the media is held accountable  Are Low Fed Interest Rates Good For the Middle Class, or only Wall Street?  Why bail out banks when they received $2,000 for every foreclosure?  Will you ensure a fairer tax code so that everyone pays their share of taxes?  How will you ensure that one faith does not disproportionately influence law?  Would you encourage punishment for top level bankers who are breaking the law?  How will you insure that every American has good, affordable health insurance?  Should I need an ID to vote?  Why do you want to bring in more than 500% more Syrian immigrants?  How do you intend in protecting the bill of rights for all Americans?   How do we prevent pay-to-play and influence peddling at the highest level?  The pharmaceutical industry is increasing the cost of prescription drugs  Do you feel that there should be no statute of limitations on child rape?  IF elected, will you initiate a simplification of the Federal tax code?  What is your stance on the Disability Integration Act?  How will you stop the influence of money in politics, and protect our democracy?  How many jobs have you created in your career + how did you do so?    How would you handle a direct threat from North Korea?  How can you stop deported illegal immigrant criminals from returning to U.S.?  50% of Americans are in/near poverty, what will you do to fix wealth inequality?  Why should voters trust your administration to uphold the rule of law?  Why is lobbying not illegal? It so obviously bribery under another name  How do you plan to protect Social Security, Medicare, and our savings accounts?  What would you do to reduce income inequality and support the middle class?  Do you think America can afford all these illegal immigrants and refugees?  Do you support expanding, and not cutting, Social Security's modest benefits? 
How do you stand on the Dakota access pipeline?  Will you stop our military from murdering more people around the world?  How will you stop Latinos obvious hate for America when they live here?  What will you do to make sure disabled students receive an equal education?  Will you officially declare Pakistan as a state sponsored terrorist nation?  Will you answer the other 30 ?s that were not covered at-length by the media?  Leaked tax forms & leaked DNC emails - should either still be secret today? Why?  How will you be a good role model and take a stand against domestic violence?  What will you do to help the American family farm in terms of farm succession?   VA desperately needs reform. Veterans should get Priority care not die waiting.  What do you understand and value about the Black Lives Matter movement?   Do you support the Cadillac tax included in the ACA (Obama care) and why? 
How will you develop Congressional support to help get your policies through?  How will you keep us safe,. Not only now but in the future?  What is your plan to assist companies hire immigrants?  What sacrifices would CEOs need to make if they were forced to give up bonuses?  How do we get better health care outcomes in the US while decreasing spending?  What would you change in the DOD Cyber Strategy to strengthen our defenses?  Why is it that a politician can go into politics broke but leave rich?   Will you enforce schools to follow neurologically disabled students' IEPs?   Would you say a law abiding citizen also has a duty to be responsible?  Why is it that a politician can go into politics broke but leave rich.  How would you try to stop vulgar language in movies & all types of entertainment  Can we and should we confront both Russia and China at the same time?  What should be the role of taxes, and paying taxes, in supporting public goods?  What would do about people getting government assistance who commit  Crimes?  When are the majority of ads going to address policy instead of attacking   How do you feel about members of congress having their own pension instead of   Is it deplorable to make up a lie about thousands of Muslims cheering on 9/11?  Are the American voters being forced to vote for the lesser of two evils?  How will you establish or maintain better relationships with foreign countries?  Do you support Standing Rock /Native Americans Rights?  If so, how will you?   Do you believe in the Affortable Care Act? If yes, explain. If no, explain.  How will you protect women's reproductive rights?  Do you think Isis is a problem that is decreasing or increasing?  How do we educate people who are racist and teach them why it's so wrong?  What have you done to make sure you don't make the same mistakes twice?  When will WE elect a woman president (like Turkey and Pakistan already have)?  If elected, what will your spouse's primary focus be to help Americans?   Should we press every student to attend college.  What is one thing that you regret doing and are willing to apologize?  Would you object to your IQ being revealed to the public?  How would you achieve your goals with a congress opposed to working with you?  I dislike many things the government does - why should taxes fund these?   What do you believe the US military can do about the conflict in Syria?  What is your plan on improving healthcare for all Americans?  What is your opinion about the riots from the minority standpoint and authoritys  Why hasn't the Kennedy assignation been readressed?   How do you plan to grow the economy to reduce employment  Do you think racist, misogynistic, and xenophobic behavior is acceptable?  Russia and Chineese relations falling apart with the US  What are your thoughts on the "War on Drugs?"   Earth is a finite place and the dangers of fossil fuels are well documented.  Both myself and.my spouse are successful self employed professionals. Yet health  What is you vision for the country? How will it be better under your leadership?  Can you comment on the Secure Fence Act of 2006?  What is your opinion on bankruptcy law relating to student loans?  Have either of you been affected by suicide? If so, did it change you? How?  How would you ensure that legislators write their own legislation as opposed to   How much money has each candidate raised for their campain? State the resources.  Would you support a military draft to reverse the M.E. military position?  What is your position on the United States debt ceiling?  What is the most important thing you would like to accomplish.  Would you consider funding a high speed railway system for the U.S.?  How would you insure that our 3 unalienable rights remain unalienable?  Is there connection between climate change deniers and horrific climate events?  Your plans to assist genX women that are under educated from single motherhood.  How will you help to create more jobs for teenagers?  How would stop cost over runs like the 1 billion in the building of a VA hospita  would you have the idea of back ground checks for people that have guns?   If you are to represent all Americans, how important is the language you use?  Medicare works. Why can't we have expanded Medicare as an option to Obamacare?  What is the true unemployment rate, and what are you going to do to fix it?  How would you protect the nation from dangerous outbreaks?  Should the congress try to be fair?  Why haven't we put an end to the FED?  Why are you best to work with our allies against the current nuclear issues?  Will you repeal the Patriot Act?  What defines your guiding principle on equanimical governing?  What is your proudest accomplishment to date and why?  If you are elected president would you respect and abide by the 3 branch system?  When does a human being gain personhood and human rights?  What specific solutions do you propose be made to fix our educational system?  What will you do to bring ALL of government employees more in line with the  What will you do as President to keep us safe here at home?  If your elected president, will you lower the voting age to 13 years?  How will you work toward the advancing of technologies in our nation?  why should we trust either of you to do  the correct job of being president?   Would you support a tax deduction or tax credit for veterinary bills?  Vietnam Veterans   Should we use the same laws that mexico does, on illegals entering the u.s.  Health Insurance rates have doubled, and deductible rates have tripled.  how are you going to help lower college tuition for people entering college?  How is education going to change in the future?  What duties, tasks or responsibilities will you give your VP pick?   How will you help the white working class   Would you consider doing away with the First Past the Post voting system?  how to yo plan on keeping our military safe when coming home?  Would a TV show named "Celebrity President" get high ratings?  Would you consider lowering the 20-year time period for a pharmaceutical patent?  How will you hold politicians accountable for  poor decisions that affect us?  How will you defend the dignity of those humans with no voice, namely the unborn  How much veracity do you give news reports /pundit comments during an election?  Would you support a law requiring all candidates to release tax returns?  Would you suggest getting rid of standardized tests? Slow down the curriculum?  Should we tap into our natural resources and become energy independent?  With a growing demand for jobs in STEM subjects, how would you fund this need?  Do you feel the wife of the Orlando Nightclub shooter should be prosecuted?  What are the responsibilities of a spouse in his or her marriage?  Is it poor judgment to select a VP pick who supported going to war in Iraq?  Define what you mean by "middle class" and "wealthiest" in discussing taxes.  What do you think of Israels  approval of a new settlement in the West Bank?  Are you working for one or more of your donors' interst?  Why do you want to be president?  How would you combat bullying in schools?  How do you each want people to be taxed? Should wealthy people pay more?  Is there going to be cuts of cost for education and higher raise for teachers?  What are your thoughts on Common Core? Will you change Common Core or change it?  What are your plans to help fight the increase in drug rises?   What are your plans to fight computer hacking internally and overseas?  How will you protect Americans from natural disasters?  Would you do anything differently in the Sinai Peninsula?  Can you assure voters that you would be responsible with your use of drones?  Why do all politicians label Americans based on their origins?   How can the growing number of senior citizens contribute to communities.  What was the most fun thing you did with your kid(s) when no one was watching?  What will you do to ease racial tensions after elected?  Other than abortion - how would your faith impact decisions you make?  Are you going to give health care for all?  Explain how the privatization of public schools would enhance education.  Sen. Tim Scott has quoted Proverbs 27:17  With this in mind, who sharpens you?    What is your policy regarding the Spratly Islands?  What do you consider America's greatest decade and why?  Do you believe the Constitution is a legal document or a 'living document'?  What type of action will you take against Kim Jong Un with his threats of War.  How would you deal with people who have gotten permanent damage due to doctors?  Can you make it through an entire debate withour a personal attack ?  How would you treat Syrian refugees waiting to enter our country?  why is there such conflict over gay marriage being legalized?  What do you believe has been your biggest misstep on the campaign trail ?  Do you think the nasty,negative campaigning is honoring the office of president?  How are you going to deal with the problems in Syria.  What are ways you can help low income families pay for schooling?  If you become president, how can you ensure the safety of our country?  Should we reduce aid to some of our allies? If so, which countries specifically?  What are your plans for making college more affordable?  If you are elected, will you secure the borders?   How will each candidate support our police officers?  Why hasn't the 911 lies by our government been addressed?  What are the candidates views on abortion?  Mass shootings  What specific actions would you take to get money out of politics?  How will you prevent global climate change from effecting rising ocean levels?   did you receive an inheritance when your parents died? If so, for how much?  Will each candidate supply their website addresses that detail their platforms  Would you require insurance companies to cover the cost of opioid detoxification  Would you advocate the repeal of the net operating loss exemption for developers  How will each candidate support our police officers in this society?  what are your views on cyber security  The 'middle class' is vanishing.  What specifically will you do to help the them  What are 3 specific tax provisions that allow the wealthiest to avoid taxes?  How do you plan to respond to increasing tensions with Russia?  How are you going to help the 53% of low income and single parent households?  What are your views on topics like abortion and family planning centers  Why is the US providing arms to the Middle East? Will you stop this practice?   What legislation will you promote to protect Americans from monopolization?  What will you do to encourage the media to unite rather than divide?  Can you please explain how profit sharing will help workers and not hurt them?  What can the federal gov't do to improve locally controlled primary education?  As President & in your own life, what does "doing the right thing" mean to you?  What are you going to do about keeping social security and giving people a raise  What are your future plans for college tuition?  How does your past scandal's NOT disqualify you from becoming President ?  Why should we vote for you when you won't release your taxes?  Other than 1, 2, and 5 - what constitutional amendment is most important to you?  How do you plan on keeping jobs in america and not force them to raise the price  If you were to become president, what would you do to decrease national debt?  How do you plan to stop/reduce the amount of drug overdoses in America?  position on use of tax dollars for abortions  as president what will your first move for our military be   Can you give us a list of wars that you didn't initially support?  How will your tax plan encourage people to seek higher wages and wealth?  Will U add inpatient detox in every state 4 all no insurance/medicaid clients  Will the candidates release their college transcripts if asked to?  How do you plan to better the care of our Vets??  What do you feel we should do about the amount of homeless veterans and children  If you support a $15 minimum wage, will you also increase SSI payments since 60%  As President, what will your problem solving process for major issues look like?  Does Affirmative Action disadvantage white people more than it helps minorities?  How can you regulate safe nursing/ patient ratio which is outrageous!  What have you learned from America's past that can make our future better?  What action would you take to reverse this?  Are you prepared to address racial issues that continue & need to be faced?  How would you respond if your daughter told you she planned to have an abortion?  What will you do to Protect our infrastructure , Electric Grid  ?  What will you do to bring the country together *if you lose* ?   Criminal Justice Reform  What are you going to do to help the coasts and ocean?  Why are we not talking about national security in this election?  What should penalty be for  How are you going to protect our 2nd amendment?  What do you plan to do about the illegal aliens that are already here?  If elected, what will you do to downsize government and balance the budget.  What specifically will you do to change the tax code?  Law requiring every $1.00 spent on campaigning be matched with $1.00 donation?  What is your plan to reduce spending and raise revenue to balance the budget?.  What is your goal in stopping the turmoil between African Americans and police?  What is the best idea that your opponent has provided?  A hostile leader writes, "If we win, we will enslave you all." Your response?  How would you support organized labor ?  What federal regulations would you eliminate to help businesses?  What are your thoughts on ISIS? How are we going to stop future threats?   Why would a candidate have 2 separate positions on a policy 1 public 1 private?   How will you end discrimination in Greencard processing for employment category?  How are you going to improve the importance of STEM in schools?  What will you do to make drug addiction treatment available to ppl w/out ins?   Do you think more should be done to promote anti-bullying in schools and online?  How would you reign in and eliminate the corruption in the US Government?  What will you do the fix the technological inequality that exists across the US?  What steps will you take to work with congress to accomplish your goals?  How would you develop free college programs beyond grants and loans for American  Do you support a boycott of the Women's World Chess Championship over hijab?  What do you plan to do with the problem between blacks and cops?   How can someone who thinks tax cuts led to the 2008 crash be fit for president?  Millions Millennial voters are still undecided. Why should they vote for you?  What are you going to do to address rape and rape culture in America?  What is your stance towards Nigeria? (How) would you help them?  Should there be a standard acceptable voter ID for national elections?  How has the US Department of Education improved student performance?  How are you going to work to fix the growing obesity problems.  How will you address the HIV/AIDS pandemic in the U.S.?  Should elected leaders be required to divest themselves from corporate holdings?  How can you say you support women after legally representing a child rapist?  Should it be illegal to use political position to earn personal income  What is your solution to the automation of factory jobs and jobs that relate.  How can you help the people of this country regain trust in our government?  What are you going to do to help the coasts and ocean? How will you fix it?  What tax loopholes will you abolish under your presidency?  How will you ensure another Benghazi incident never happens?  Making overall healthcare affordable  How can you relate to ordinary Americans?  Can you produce any evidence that Russia was behind the DNC hack?  What you do as president to descrease unemployment rates among felons?  Do you think diplomacy is the best way to handle conflict or using military for?  Will you repeal Obamacare?  Explain how increased tariffs and lower corporate tax rates create jobs?  Will Obamacare be repealed during your term in office?   How would you solve the problem of income inequality?  Should the victims of 9/11 file a lawsuit against Saudi Arabia?   Do you think the needs of many out weigh individual rights?  How would you encourage people to go to work.  Do you believe we should follow Britain's example and leave the EU?  Should capital punishment be federalized because it's revocation of citizenship?  What specific accomplishments make you deserve the office of the US Presidency?  Do you support giving Illegal Aliens free college   Will you agree to stop attacking your opponent for the rest of the campaign?  Do you support free collge regardless of job opportunities of the degree?   How do you plan to enforce the family leave plan for working parents.    Do you agree with the BDS movement?  Why should we support war the middle east/Israel? We always just make it worse.   Would you consider making all federal retirement programs uniform?  What is your plan to decrease the number of suicides in the U.S.?  What are your views on social security?  What will you do to get government spending under control?  do you support the Buffet Rule ? what will you do to insure that corporations &  Being specific how will you create new jobs and not raise taxes and save housing  How does Russia pose a direct threat to US citizens?  Why do you want to be president of the United States?  Is the purpose of the 2nd Amd. to offset the power of the Military & Government?  After all of the black man being shot by police officers are you in favor of pol  What practical steps will u take to bring about a more inclusive K-12 education?  What would you do as an officer when confronted with a disobeying armed suspect?  Should somebody being investigated by the FBI be allowed to run for President?  What is your plan to adjust to an increasingly technological workforce?  What would you do to combat the prevalence of assault-type weapons?  Re: AUTISM coverage laws for insurers. Insurers often refuse to pay, despite law  What will do about the illegal aliens, no mater what country they are from, that  What sacrifices have you made for the betterment of others, community & country?  Should current europrian refugee issues make us reconsider plans for refugees  Why are both of you supporting the use of fossil fuels?  As grandparents/parents are you in favor of partial/late term abortion?  National debt: how will your tax plan pay for the programs you are proposing  Are you going to make college affordable for EVERYONE?   The migrant crisis and open borders are a big concern to many Americans.  Do you believe Common Core is good for all 50 states? Yes or no.  How will you protect worker rights in the workplace?  What Constitutional steps are required to build a US/Mexico border wall?  What is one thing you like about your opponent?  One thing you dislike?    How do you feel about Gary Johnson being in the debate?  What would you say on 11/9 to support your view that the election was not rigged  How will your tax plan affect the middle class?  Is it fair to have a CNN analyst moderate a presidential debate?  How can we make the quality of education more equal for all students?  Explain what is causing the civil war in Syria and why the US should care?  Would you work with Congress to repeal the Hughes Amendment to the FOPA?  What are your plans to bring about peace?  What is the greatest regret that you hold about your life?  Is a presidential candidate with Parkinson's disease is fit to be president?  If you truly have a secret plan to defeat ISIS, why don't you share it with the   Would you ever consider privatizing Social Security?  Explain how your tax plan would apply to a family of 4 with $100k income?  What should the government do to increase voter turnout?  How does increasing or decreasing taxes effect small and big businesses?   Would you be willing to complete a Psychological Assessment to be President?  How can either candidate relate to average Americans?  Is it time to destroy Assad's air force?  As president would you halt geoengineering also known as chemtrailing .  What would be your top 3-5 goals of your administration should you win?  Should everyone be welcome to immigrate to America?  The 2nd Amend protects all, but why do stop & frisk rukes focus on minorities?  What do you plan on doing about the illegal actions of the Dakota Pipeline?  What part, if any, of the constitution would you change if you could?  How will you help education   Is it possible for a global collaboration to end the civil war in Syria?  Do you plan to address domestic violence in this Country and if yes, how so?  How do you plan on funding the new programs and projects you intend to start?  What are your views and what would be your plan for the future of Obamacare?  If you are elected, how will you fix our destroyed military & help our vets?  Would you be willing to say "thank you, Pres. Obama, for a job well done"?  Why is there a lack of trust in government and how would you restore confidence?  How can government prompt private investment in research that enriches society?  If a presidential candidate has a disease like Parkinson's, are the fit to run?  Do you believe that America is should still be considered "melting pot"?   What programs do you propose to bring the most disadvantaged out of poverty?   What is your plan to achieve energy independence for the United States?  Tax cuts will lower revenue. How will you stimulate job growth?  Why isn't the full version of the Star Spangled Banner poem taught in school?  Does the US have a moral obligation to stay the lone Superpower or to cede power  Describe how you think tax policy affects the economy.  Are you comitted to fixing social secuirty, and how?   What have you done in your life to positively impact the lives of minorities?  How do you plan to balance data protection and investigative ability?  Do you think the voters would be better served from a positive campaign?  How do you think the world Leaders see you and think of you as president/cheif?  What will you do to get money out of politics and what policies will you put in   What will your administration do to combat the HIV pandemic in America?  What are your plans for making college education more affordable?  You both have used very negative tactics, Do Americans deserve better discourse?  As President, what will you do to ensure men get due process if accused of rape?  Are you healthy enough to be President and are you willing to provide records?  Would you support opening the Presidential debates to more candidates?  one parent has to stay home with special needs adult child,what is the plan.  Should we limit the influence of outside money from those who cannot vote ?  Can you eliminate conflicts of interest from your businesses or foundations?  What would you do on day one to begin to restore trust in our politicians?  Do you think it's a worthwhile endeavor to recycle Trash Island?  Do you believe American sovereignty is worth fighting for?  How will raising taxes on employers make them want to employ more people?   How would you prevent a financial meltdown like the housing crash of 2008?  How will you convince businesses to raise their employees salaries?  Bud is taking over Miller. What should be done about monopoly capitalism?  I have heard that both candidates oppose the TPP. Why?  What will you look for when hiring diplomats to represent America abroad?  What are your weaknesses?  What specifically will you do about U.S. involvement in the war in Syria?  Do you think the presidential candidates will do something about global warming?  Would you consider making student loan payments completely tax deductible?   How would you force multinational corporations to pay more tax?  How do you intend to balance the federal budget?  Running for pres must require Full medical and tax release reviewed by 3rd prty?  Does the media sway Americans opinion?  Do you feel fairly treated by the media?  What steps would you take to avoid obstructionist politics in Congress?   How specifically are you going to bring back mfg jobs that pay wages > $55,000  What action would you take as POTUS regarding marriage equality?  How will you balance immigration and aid to citizens living in poverty?  Will you go after all Americans who don't pay income tax of just the 1%?   If you were president would you allow 911 families sue Saudi Arabia?  What would you do to make lethal force the LAST option by law enforcement?   What is the role of experts to an executive such as the president?   How have politicians of the past hurt education across the country.   What value do you place in a child being raised by both a mother and a father?  Do you believe that abortion should continue to be legally sanctioned?  What articles or sections of the constitution do you feel are outdated?  Do career politicians' interests align with those of the American people?  Would you support a cutoff age of 70 for those running for Federal office?  Do you believe the Govt should mirror the values of the people or influence them  Have you been diagnosed with any incurable, non-treatable medical condition?  How will you fight to get money out of politics to make elections free and fair?   In your own words, what does it mean to say that all people are equal?  Will you consider the welfare of US citizens before all actions as President?  What policy ideas of Bernie Sanders do you agree with?  Who do you think should dictate a womans choice and reproductive health?  How would you adjust the school systems to be competitive with other nations?  What is your plan for rectifying loan interest rates for higher education?  What is your plan to cut federal spending? What specific programs would you cut?  Should medical or recreational marijuana be legal or illegal?   When was the last time you were unemployed?  What is your stand on refugees and illegals in America?  Will you strongly advocate a "balanced budget" amendment when you are president?  What would you do to stop food waste in our counrty?  How can we be sure that foreign entanglements do  not cloud your decisions?  Is failing to pay Federal Income Taxes a disqualifying attribute?   How do you propose to enforce the rule of law and not exempt elite classes?  What would you do to reduce accidental shootings involving children?  Aren't education decisions better made at the local than federal level?  How do you intend to protect the land and the environment in this country?  What books have you read recently and what did you learn reading them?  How will you attempt to balance & pass legislation that is fair to ALL?   Do you feel that Social Security is an entitlement which Congress calls it?  How are you going to combat the rising cost of education?  If you believe some form of gun control is necessary, where has it worked?  How do we create an unbiased media?  Will you propose  a constitutional amendment to require a balanced budget?  How exactly will you bridge the political and cultural divide in this country?  Do you support illegal immigration?  HOW WOULD YO GET THE GOVERNMENT SPENDING UNDER CONTROL?  What will you do to reduce the impact of climate change?   How will you bend the cost curve down on Medicare and Social Security?   What are you going to do to make college affordable to working class families?  Should our government focus on businesses who employ illegal immigrants?  What is your plan to help prepare us for a post-work society?  Do you support providing subsidies to factory farms that contribute to obesity?  How would you personally be affected by implementation of your tax plans?  What is your farm policy?  which do you think is worse calling someone a pig or letting a child rappest off  Will you pledge to stand up for police officers  How yould you strive to rid the government of corruption?   What is your view on Standardized Testing? To what extent is it state or federal  Isn't the actual unemployment rate  much higher that the current 4.9%?  The opiate epidemic has illustrated how difficult it is for people to seek help.  Do you agree with the 84% who want abortion banned after the 1st trimester?  What will you do to insure people with chronic pain can get there Meds?  What is your agenda for the first 100 days upon entering the White House?  Do you support banning gun sales to individuals on the no fly list?  With cyber threats, how will you protect classified information?  How do you plan to bridge the racial divide in America?  What happened to the money for shovel ready projects to fix our infrastructure?  How would you put US citizens first in all actions taken as President?   Do you have any physical ailments you haven't disclosed to the public?  Would you hold the people responsible,  for not helping the People at Bengazi?  What will you do to ensure that citizens' voices are heard in government?  Will you pledge to use only government approved e-mail systems?  Do you believe that climate change is real and what will you do to fight it?   How do you prove intent to commit a crime regarding a government official   How much is "fair share" and who gets to decide?  What will you do to facilitate the end of apartheid in Israel?  Do you support making welfare recipients take mandatory drug tests?  Please state the primary components of your economic plan  How would you combat fraud, waste, and abuse in the healthcare system?   Do you believe politicians are above the laws imposed on the general public  What specific person has influenced your military ideology and why?  How will it change your decisions if your child is one of the people trapped  in  Why shouldn't we stop all immigration & protect high paying jobs for our kin?  If elected will your Administration overturn the MMA to negotiate #drug prices?   Iran Ransom Payment   How are you going to end the overstay of work visas?  Do you believe that big campaign contributions are really just legalized bribes?  Given the tough time finding employment, at age 62 I took early retirement.  What are your views on increasing the budget to help mental health?  How would you work to stop mass shootings like Sandy Hook? Please be specific.  Is who appoints federal judges, chiefly U.S. Supreme Court Justices, important?  Why are median household family incomes higher in democratic controlled states?  What is your plan to get federal spending under control?  Why is the national debt so important?  How will you reign in the EPA leviathan and restrict senseless overreach?   Cities with the most stringent gun laws have more crime/murders, why?  What would you do to make our electrical grid more secure?  What programs would you cut or eliminate to balance the federal budget?  How will you keep Social Security viable?  Will you have the United States government recognize the Armenian Genocide?  How will the VA mess be fixed for all veterans?  Who pays when tuition is "free"?  What policy ideas of Bernie Sanders do you agree with?  The job market is terrible. Provide 3 specific ways you will create jobs.  Would you protect a woman's right to make her own reproductive choices?  What is your response to Illegal immigration harming Americans?  What will you do to reduce the killing of unarmed civilians by the police?   How do you plan to attack the #1 killers in our nation?  Will social security be reformed and if so how will it be accomplished?  WILL YOU SUPPORT ENDING REGULATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION?  Will you stand up to the NRA?  Who would you appoint as US Trade Representative and why?  Why don't the wealthy create jobs with their tax cuts?  What specific measures will you take to improve American schools?  How will you ensure that we have fair, uncompromised elections going forward?  How will you help to lower healthcare premiums?  Do you support the Buffet Rule? What are other things you will do to insure that  Would you support  posting of health care fees online, by all providers.  What would you do about the increasing number of homeless veterans?   How do you plan to foster true healthcare rather than disease management?  What are you going to do about the sea levels rising and Global warming?  Many Americans distrust our government.  How will you restore true leadership?  Are Top Government Employees  above the law?  who will be your AG Choice?  Should a woman who chooses an abortion be punished?  Whats your plan to care for homeless military personnel and thise suffering ptsd  Will you create and enforce term limits for Congress,Senate and  Federal Judges?  How will you fix the Education funding drought?   Will you end federal marijuana prohibition and update drug-free workplace policy  What's your plan after you repeal the affordable health care act (Obamacare)?  What are your views on animal rights issues?    Do you support the right of American workers to  collectively bargain and why?  What will you do to stop the IRS from targeting people for political reasons?  Will you support allowing the government to negotiate drug prices?  Should the Pentagon be audited?  How will you stop groups like Black Lives Matter?  Will you be continuing Common Core, considering it is a financial burden?  Would you support a living wage so full-time workers are above poverty level?  How do you plan to fight climate change and grow the economy at the same time?  Do you think Congress should have heard Pres. Obama's SCOTUS nomination?  Would you support random drug testing for all government workers ?  Should God-fearing Americans get the same pass and allowances as illegal aliens?  Would you push for an amendment to put congress on the social security system?  How will you respond to too-big-to-fail banks/bankers who deserve prosecution?  As president how would you handle immigration, both legal and illegal?  Would you weigh in on the DEA recently banning the Asian plant known as kratom?   How will you stop companies from taking our jobs overseas?  Should members of Congress be subjected to the same laws as all Americans?  Is it America's job to police the world?  How will either candidate help the seniors living on Social Security?  How would you ensure interests of patients come before corporations and profit?  What are your plans for legal immigration & paths to citizenship for immigrants.  Would you repeal the Dickey Amendment to allow funding of gun violence research?  As president, what will you do to put an end to sexual violence and rape culture  Provide 3 specific ways you will decrease the size and corruption of government.  Do you believe climate change is the most important issue facing our species?  State specific actions you would take to close the gap between the 99 and 1%.  What would your policy be on abortion?  How will you shrink the Government and return Freedom to the individual citizen?  How do you plan to combat the racial tension and police brutality in the U.S.?  Is there an alternative to the big banks on Wall Street?  How do you plan to bring the US back to the forefront of education? 
How can you keep the government assistance up?  What will you do to help our military and their families?   Do you support marijuana legalization?  How would you get Congress to legislate for the benefit of U. S. citizens?  Do you support non-discrimination bills?  Do you support open borders?  Is a trade imbalance really bad for our economy?  How much tax would you be willing to pay on $0.00 dollars income?  A high rank military officer feels you are giving illegal orders. What do you do  What do you want to teach the next generation about what it means to be a leader  What steps do you think the US should take to prepare for this future scenario?  Would you support a USA Money Supply based on the USA's National Public Wealth?  What is your position on the Second Amendment?   How will you remove guns from criminals instead of law abiding citizens?   I am undecided voter . Tell me why I should choose you?  Why do we allow parents of babies born in our country to remain indefinitely   Do you support a USA Money Supply Based on USA National Public Wealth?  What can you do to make the IRS go after back tax owers equally?  In the age of information, what would you do about college debt?  As President, what will you do to help reform our mental health system?  How would you insure that states are following the constitutional laws?  What will you do to help lower healthcare costs for working families?  Under what circumstances do you believe it is acceptable to kill a human being?  What would you do prevent the spread of extremist ideologies?  Should taxes be lowered or raised, High income, eliminate all deductions.  Will you work towards repealing Citizens United and how will you achieve this?  Are we going to prosecute all people involved in the corruption happening in DC?  If you become President will you try to abolish the 2nd. Amendment?  How will you deal with automation and AI replacing jobs?    how will you protect against blaming the victim in cases of marriage infidelity?  What will you do to protect Social Security and Medicare?  Voter fraud is on the minds of citizens. Numerous cases successfully prosecuted.  Will Native American Indian Leonard Peltier ever be Pardoned?   What income bracket do you consider to be wealthy?  What will you do to give Americans more freedom ?  My daughter will be going off to college soon, what will you do to keep her safe  What should be the minimum penalty for anyone mishandling classified documents?  How do we fix the inflation of the American dollar and the increase of prices?  How will you put America back to leading in advanced medicine.   Should non profit organizations be taxed on accumulated liquidity?   Do you support Health Savings Accounts for all US Citizens? Why or why not?   Should the FDA regulate e cigarettes like tobacco, endangering public health?  Would you invite refugees into America and then dump them at the states expense.  Why do you support the current National Debt Based Fiat Economy for the USA?   With 67% of discretionary spending on military & vets: where are u going to cut?  What does Article I, Section 8 of the Costitution limit the fed. Gov. to?  Will you create state militias for all gun owners to enact the 2nd amendment?  What will you tell to the family whose father lose job to autonomous truck?  What would you do to restore patriotism and the love for America  in our country  Why is there so much emphasis on each other as a person , etc instead of issues?  Why are you afraid to debate Gary Johnson?  Would you restore our Military & secure borders to keep us sovereign?  When and why did you change your opinion regarding same-sex marriage?  Please state your personal concept of individual freedom.  are we prepared to deal with an EMP knocking out our power grid?   How would you support science education, research and business?  How many Muslim refugee would you allow into the USA annually?  how do address the growing violence in america?  Should a candidate be held accountable for illegal actions ?  why should I pay more taxes when there is SO much waste in government spending.   Do you know the constitution?  If you become President will you try to abolish the 2nd. Amendment? If so why?  How will you put the care of patients back in the hands of the Dr and Pt?   In your opinion, do you need the other party to work with you in Congress?  Besides the 1st and 2nd Amendments, what do you love about the Constitution?  Do you think laws should be enforced equally to the public and politicians?  What % of your net worth have you personally given to charity? (Last 10 years)  Do you believe in the sovereignty of the individual states to govern themselves?  Do you believe in God? If so who is your God? If not what do you believe?  What will you do to insure equal and fair treatment of women?  Will you renegotiate NAFTA to include protection for collective bargaining?  If you lose, what will you do to rebind our country together?  Will you support criminalizing use of private email for government work?  Do you plan to do away with the Inheritance/Death Tax? And if not, Why?  Are you going to rebuild our Navy/Military to be the power it used to be?   How many have to die by Muslim Extremists for you to take action militarily?   Would you support a national voter ID law that is 100% free and easy to access?  Do you believe that stop and frisk will reduce crime?  What will you do to reduce nuclear power facilities and waste plants  If Global warming is true why are we not taking drastic measures to stop it?  Is it important for a President to acknowledge mistakes?  Do you want only U.S citizens to vote in this election?  How would you, as President, protect this country's  Secret and Classified info.  When are we going to address what happened in Benghazi and stop it reoccurring?  Would you let syrian and middle- eastern into America seeing the outcome in UK?  What will you do to end the right of Eminant Domain by private businesses?  Do you now or have you ever felt that the law does not apply to you?  Do you think paying taxes is a patriotic duty of all Americans if not, why?   What will you do to help improve public education?  Why does the federal government continue increasing the rate of immigration?  Why are illegal immigrants getting more support than our veterans?  Why the U.S. is sending and spending so much money to other countries?  What is your plan to remove all illegal aliens from our soil?  The VA and the IRS are totally screwed up.  What will you do to fix them?  Why should the child of an illegal immigrant be granted American citizenship?  Do you support the constitution of the United States as it is written? 
How do you feel about tax fraud?  As a Master's Student in Special Ed, how do I know I will have a job teaching?  Will you use your phone and pen  What are your plans to combat environmental deterioration?  How will you limit the price gouging of insurance companies on premiums?   What will you do to provide equal opportunities in education for all Americans?  ObamaCare has failed & caused giant cost increases. How will you fix it?  What's larger threat: people voting more than once or paperless voting machines?  Do you support government control of the Internet, including speech?  Why was the term Global Warming replaced by Climate Change?  What are the immediate next steps to reform student lending laws.  What new Obamacare surprises are we in for right after the 2016 election?  What is the primary mission of our schools now: education or indoctrination?  Doesn't SOS normally rcv communications prior to their review & classification?  What specific actions will you take to restore trust in Washington and beyond?  Why is it good to allow biological males to enter girls' and women's restrooms?  Are your answers today reflective of your public or private positions on issues?  What do you believe the Federal Government is precluded from intruding on?  Is it better to do what is legal or do what is right when deciding to pay taxes?  Should DEA be turned into the drug education agency, instead of an enforcer?  Why are recent civil rights protests dividing the country instead of uniting it?  Why are religious beliefs not honored in Obamacare?  Why have Russia, China, and Iran become so aggressive in the past few years?  Which is more important: social programs/policies or individual rights?  What steps would you take as President to improve our democracy?  Why is the middle East in such chaos? It seemed much more stable in 2008.  What is the maximum amount the Fed should spend annually in relation to the GDP?  Why are traditional Americans - conservatives - now described as extremists?  Will you obey the law against war?  Do you believe it would be a good idea to allow Japan to have nuclear weapons?  How do you expect your employees to show you respect? How do you respect them?  Will you make Congress pay back what they owe to Social Security?  What will you do to stop the expansion of Gov and stealing of our Liberties?  Deportation or amnesty. What is your position?  Should Presidential Candidate on the ballot in 25+states participate in debate.   Will you return Presidential Debates back to the League of Women Voters?   Should elections be open to those who can't prove American citizenship?  Would you support a clarification of "birthright citizenship" by Congress?  If you were to violate the oath of office, should you be impeached?  Do you support national Oregon-style vote-by-mail?  Should the US continue aiding Saudi Arabia's wahhabi style practices?  Can you please define misogyny? racism? Privilege, specifically white male?  how can you change Obama care to support employment growth    What percentage of taxes are paid by the top 1%, and why is or isn't that fair?  Would you appoint a moderate to the Supreme Court, as political olive branch?  Why won't the government secure our power grids? Why the low priority?  What about each other do you respect and approve of?  How will you help people who were kicked out of the middle class w/the Crash?  Why do you feel you need so much money, especially with so many suffering?  What are the specific steps in legalizing the 11 undocumented people in the US?  Do you Credit NAFTA with Detroit's Poverty or the Poisoning of Flint? Why/Not?  What will you do to prevent Chinese encroachment on U.S. ideology?  How much more or less do you expect Americans to pay in taxes if you're elected?  What would you do to reduce tax avoidance by U.S. corporations?  What is the best way to end the ongoing poverty in the inner cities?  What will you do to stop the wars now and stop pushing GMOs?   Can the FDA be retired and replaced with an industry standards organization?  What about a proposal to lower flood damage & increase water availability?  Is it wrong to penalize citizens for not being able to afford medical insurance?  Can you address the concept of "blowback" in regards to our foreign policy?  How will your jobs plans withstand efforts by the Fed to raise interest rates?  How would you address the problem of partisanship and obstructionism in Congress  Should people under Federal investigation be allowed run for President?  Why should I trust YOU to be President of the United States?  How will you ensure the system will not be rigged for future elections?  How do you plan to address increasing levels of automation in the workforce?  What is your specific policy for managing or confronting Russian aggression?  Constitutional Amendment Requiring citizens to keep weapons for national defense  Will you provide a complete detailed financial disclosure?  My son asked me if he could change his surname (Gonzalez) because he doesn't...  Will you close the loophole that allows some people to not pay federal taxes?   What were the study materials you used to prepare for this debate?  What's wrong with vouchers if parents think the local school is substandard?  How can we fix the upcoming work group?  Come Monday-will our boys think  grabbing girls or women is acceptable behavior?   Do you agree that we should fund renewables instead of  old tech., fossil fuels  Can you please define misogyny? racism? Privilege, specifically white male?  Do you support federal decriminalization of marijuana?    How are we to afford Walmart products,if an import tax is added on to each item?  Under what circumstances would you consider activation of the selective service?  Will you support or rescind the Executive Order known as DACA?  How will you move away from support for GMOs and corporations like Monsanto  How do you define service to your country?  Can you please define misogyny? racism? Privilege, specifically white male?  Both candidates claim to oppose TPP.  What will you do if TPP is passed by lame?  Will you disarm ALL the federal agencies that Obama has armed up?  What was the most important lesson of the Arab Spring?  What punishment is appropriate for powerful men who violate women and girls?   How will raising the minimum wage affect young people who want a first job?  What should Americans do to take better care of their health and the environment  How will you deal with the unrelenting pressure from special interest lobbyists?  What does it mean to be a good citizen? How have you personally modeled this?  How do you propose to overcome the inherent contradictions of neoliberalism?  Will you enact ranked-choice voting, to put an end to "lesser evil" voting?  Whose Fault IS It that the Biggest Banks are three times bigger than just 2007?  What role should the US have in ending genocide/terrorism in the world?   Why should military families and active duty Servicemen and women trust you?  What specifically is your policy for the US's role in the crisis in Syria?  Who will you appoint for Secretary of Energy?  Are HigherEd & Labor inelastic goods like Healthcare (EpiPen)? Shld govt regul8?  Do you feel that citizens reserve the right to know all government activities  What would you say to someone who is reluctant pursue a law enforcement career?  Our infrastructure gets a grade of D by the UN, how will you change that?  Have you had a role in supporting corporations to  perform fracking operations?  Do you support asylum for Afghan refugees who worked with the US military?  Do you believe global warming is related to human activity?    How will you alleviate today's extraordinary income inequality in the US?   What additional resources/changes do you think our military needs, if any?    What are the exact words of the Establishment and Free Exercise Clauses?  What would you do to ensure equal education for all American children?  Why does the U.S. government encourage the replacement of U.S. citizens with for  Are the necessary services a democratic government provides paid for by taxes?  What 3 questions do you with the moderator would ask your opponent?  How would you halt species extinction due to man made habitat destruction?   Many jobs have been eliminated due to automation. How do you replace those jobs?  What is your definition of sexual assault and where do you stand on punishment?  What are the most important qualifications for a future Supreme Court nominee?  If you lose how will you help with good governing instead of sabotaging it?   Why is there such  emmity between Sunni and Shia Muslims in the Middle East?  What will you do to reduce our dependence on and use of fossil fuels  Do you favor a tax credit for donations to charities rather than a deduction?  Would you support the limited legalization of "psychedelic" drugs?  What Lesson did we learn from Iraq that made us Repeat Regime Change in Libya?  What your highest priority in fixing or replacing the Affordable Care Act?  Americans are fed up with "the politics of no." How will you bring us to "yes"?  How will you best serve your country?  How will you work to get people caring for all of the LIFE on this planet?  How will you decide who to appoint for Secretary of the Interior?  What have you accomplished while holding government office, if you ever have?   What do you think about a 10% tax on earnings across the board ?  Do you think the politics of personal destruction have hurt America?  What will you do to continue the Social Security system for the coming decades?  What specific policies would you propose to respond to climate change?  As President, will you act immediately to reform all police training in the US?   What do your respective foundations/ charities do for domestically and abroad?  What is your plan for dealing with the lead that continues to poison Americans?  What are your thoughts and feelings about resigning from any OFFICE?  what is your position on women's rights  Do you have a plan to eradicate the phenomena of "home-grown" terrorists?  Would you support prosecuting/jailing criminal bankers?  Why does a PRIVATELY owned bank cartel like the Federal Reserve issue our money?  Would  you support equal laws for politicians and ordinary citizens?  With the refugee crisis how will you support the values of the Statue of Liberty  How will you prevent the U.S. from becoming a military industrial complex?  Why are there only two parties at the debate?  Do you believe that our military with its current generals have been effective  Would you expand domestic violence and child abuse prevention laws federally?  Are race relations really worse or have Americans just become more aware?  will you get money out of poitics? specifically how?  Do you support the alt-right/#whitegenocide platform?  As successful and highly influential people, do you think you are above the law?  Other than the Holy Bible, what is the last book that you read?    1st Q to be asked: Will you BOTH commit to only talk about our nation's issues?  How much will you reduce the nations debt, by what actions and by when?  When are you gonna pass the ERA Amendment?   At the end of your first 4 years in office what would you like to be known for?  How will you deal with American war criminals?  Would you demand that the military have a complete financial audit?  How will you improve student debt to income ratio & post graduation employment?  Do you think the founding fathers in 1791 anticipated military assault rifles?  How will you build a framework to stabilize the mid-east reduce conflict?  How will your tax plan help the middle class and reduce our deficit?   What is your commitment to mend the relationship between Police and People?   What is your plan to reduce the acidification of the world's oceans?  Should you and other legislators submit to drug testing?  How can ensure that non citizens do not vote in the election.  Do you consider trash talking women entertainment? Whom does it entertain?  Your feelings on discrimination against atheists  What will your administration do to slow worldwide population growth?  What would you consider your biggest mistake?  What do you think Jesus meant when he said, "Love your enemies."  Given the rapidity of automation, how will you guard the workers against loss?   How do you plan to dismantle ISIS? Be specific.  Do you believe substance abuse is a major healthcare issue?  What are you plans?  If threatening civilians with nuclear annihilation isn't terrorism, what is?  If your 2015 taxes are under a current audit, will you release other years?  Will you rebuild our military?  Will you continue the effort to close the Guantnamo Bay detention camp?  What do you believe "comprehensive sex education" should ensure to youth?  What should be the role of gov't in how private businesses operate?   What specific tax codes would you eliminate to create a more fair system?  If, North Korea detonated a nuclear bomb in Tokyo, what action do you take?  would you support a community program to distribute gun safety locks?  Should our representatives make what their constituents make?  Should the Federal Government continue to expand it's influence and control?  How do you see socialism in the future of America?   What will you do to ensure voters that Federal agencies are non-political?  Should there be strict rules for these debates?  Are you in favor of deposing Assad in Syria and/or creating a no fly zone?  Should mandatory minimum sentencing policy be repealed?  How will you pay for the changes you are suggesting?  In what ways would you help to insure fairness and equality for all Americans?   If elected, who would you nominate for supreme court justice and why?  Immigration reform and undocumented immigrants.   Of these environmental crises, which especially concern you?  What do you hope to contribute to space exploration during your term?  Do you think waterboarding & some enhanced Interrogation techniques are torture?  Why are US Vets moving to 3rd world countries for much better healthcare?  If elected, what will be your first act to improve our global image?  What are your plans to make plant-based items more affordable and accessible?  If you believe our election system is rigged or broken, how will you repair it?  What is your plan for education reform?  What value guides you most as a leader? What impact will it have on our nation?  How should executives be held  responsible for their company's actions?  How should we measure success in education besides standardized testing?   Would you cut ties with your foundation to eliminate conflicts of interest?  What can we do to break the stranglehold of our corrupt 2 party oligarchy  Can we enforce English as our national language?    Can America trust you?   What is your exact & thoughtful strategy on keeping America safe from terrorism?  What steps will you take to restore a sense of community in fragmented America?  How do you end the divisive rhetoric in America, and bring us together?   Why are so many black Americans unemployed?  What about making colleges available for all, and what about student debt?  What are the goals of your foundation and how have you reached these goals?   Why aren't current gun control laws used against felons?  Do you support systematically dissecting an unborn child to end it's life?  What is your plan to make college affordable for all Americans?  How will you handle growing concern over sexual assault?  How would you address honest unbiased media reporting?  What about 'THE WALL'?  What will you do to earn the votes of Bernie Sanders supporters?  Do you have any health issues that would effect your ability to be president?  Will you promote "State Free," Christian Churches  Here is an un-labelled map of the world: Identify N Korea, Syria, Iraq, Sudan  Why do you think so many Americans find you offensive? (for both)  Why should we pay taxes? And how do we spread the tax burden most fairly?  How do you plan to model tolerance and anti-bullying behavior to our youth?  Do you plan to improve conditions in our prisons and end mass incarceration?  Will you try (during the debate) to keep the discussion on important issues?  How are you going to deal with the ongoing mental health crisis in America?  What will you do to keep us safe from attacks from ISIS?  How can we trust that our confidential information will not be compromised?  What will you do to create long term job growth?  What will you do about insurance companies dropping out of the ACA exchanges?  How have you benefited from white privilege in your life?  What will you do to retain and protect our 2A right to bear arms?  Do you believe our election process to be rigged and fraudulent? How to fix it?  Why don't you stop escalating health costs with alternative medicine?   Why are the parents of anchor babies not held responsible?  Would you support a law requiring politicians to abide by the laws they pass?  How would you address the demand for illegal drugs, which fuels cartel violence?  Would you allow Sharia law to pre-empt our Constitution and state laws?  Talk about a time you lied to the American people. Why lie? What did you learn?  As president will you move to stop the sale of arms to Saudi Arabia?  What characteristics are most important for a US president to have?  How will you combat the increasing mainstreaming of white nationalism in the US?  How would you enable third parties to have a greater voice in US politics?  How will you secure our borders and make America safe?  Will you increase veterans' benefits and pay for active duty military?   What do you plan to do with the patriot act should you enter office?  Supreme Court Justices should be neutral  What specific steps will you take to end the humanitarian crisis in Syria?  What will you do to improve health care and its cost?  Will you give the right to work legally to 11 million undocumented immigrant?  How would you propose a revision of the 2nd amendment?  How do you feel about police taking mandatory drug & mental health screenings ?  Should the US have the goal of getting out of debt and if so in how many years?  What steps would you take to enforce our nation's immigration laws?  Would you be willing to revise the standards by which poverty is measured?  What are the key points of your proposed Energy Policy for the United States?  What is your strategy for surviving Climate Change?  How will you improve the security culture within the State Department?  What are the candidates going to do to end all USA wars in the Middle East?  As a Jewish American, when will the US Govt stop supporting Israeli apartheid?  Where do you stand on a lame duck vote on TPP ?  What is your plan to assure the lgbq community are able to keep their rights  What is your stand on climate change ?  How will you address the water crisis here and abroad?  Will we see Marijuana become legal or at least removed as a schedule 1 drug?  Will you select leaders from the scientific community to The Interior?  Will you end "teaching to the test" & help communities educate our children?  Do you think the US should prioritize &/or restrict social service programs?    Are fossil fuels causing global warming, and if so, what can we do about it?   What will you do to support organized labor and higher wages for all?  Where should our country be five years from now and how would you get us there?  Would you support bringing in Christian immigrants from Syria instead of Muslim?  What is your proposal for reducing assault weapon violence?  Do you believe women are capable of making healthcare choices for themselves?  How will you help seniors living in poverty with fixed Social Security incomes?  Why are illegal immigrants not being deported?  How do you intend to deal with the congressional gridlock problem?  Will you stop wasting American tax dollars on immigrants and foreign aid?  What will you do to combat the rise of right-wing hate groups?  What is your opinion on the spate of refugee attacks in Europe?  As pres, should there be restrictions on the press' negative comments about you?  How would you address the source of expensive healthcare?  Do you support laws to increase accountability of police who use deadly force?  Would you support the Keystone pipeline? Please answer yes or no. Then explain   What was your biggest failure, and what did you learn from it?  Will you work to limit the surveillance powers of NSA, CIA, & other agencies?  Do you believe that "fully semi automatic" weapons should be banned?  Will you tax the 1% and corporations back to 1960's levels to restore America?  What does "respect for women" mean to you?  Homelessness and low-income housing  is a need.  What's your solution?  Do you agree that fossil fuel emissions threaten life as we know it?  How would you improve inner-city K-12 education and how would you fund it?  As President, what will you do to strengthen the Endangered Species Act?  What kinds of steps are you willing to take to protect Native American rights?  Will you abolish all Inheritance/death taxes as National law?  How would you handle a situation if Israel were to come under attack by Iran?  Why is there always money for war but no money for education, health care etc.?  How will you support the "American Dream" for lower and middle class families?  How can we deal with inequity in pay and opportunity for women in the workplace?  How are you going to address exploding health care costs.  Would you stand up to the NRA?  Do you believe housing is a human right?   What do you think the job of president entails?  How does a bill become a law?  How will you stop illegal aliens from voting?  The suicide rate of Veterans is on a historic rise, is it time for VA reform?  How would you insure government agencies are NOT used as political tools?   Name three compelling scientific findings behind your position on climate change  Should corporations have more constitutionally protected rights than people do?  How would you address the disproportionate incarceration of black men?  If you deny climate change is caused by human activity, present your evidence.  What do you plan to do about out astronomically high incarceration rate? 
What will you do to protect future generations of Americans ?  What will you do to close the $4 billion dollar tax loop-hole?  Do we need to change education system to help our inner cities to stop highcrime  In talking about health care this week, Bill Clinton correctly identified that t  Without getting rid of the affordable care act, how will you make healthcare   What are you going to do to break the cycle of poverty?  how important do you feel the personnel backround of a candidate  Are we safer since 9/11 and why? What is your plan for safety?  Have you taken campaign donations from the NRA and how much?  What is your position on free college or student loan forgiveness?   Will you eradicate the corrupting influence of money on our democracy?  Describe Black Lives Matter and what the movement means to to you?  Forget MUD SLINGING!How would you improve our economy?Same as Obama/or different  What tax advantages/penalties would you impose to continue growing our economy?   Should non-religious people should have the same protections under the law?  How does your claim of Christianity affect your view of the Presidency?  would you consider implementing a Gap Year?  Is getting oral sex from young interns different from making lewd comments   If there is no minimum wage, how can the economy grow and jobs provide a living?  What are your thoughts on the Hyperloop concept?  Please state your views on the Consistent Life Ethic.  Would you be for or against completely dismantling capitalism?  Would you approve if your sons talked and treated women in a negative way?  Name the branches of government and briefly explain the role of each.  What will you do to protect and preserve voting rights for ALL Americans?  Would you allow companies to deduct the total cost of federal regulation?  How do you justify a campaign of I'm not the worst or someone else did it too?  What do you know personally about organized crime? Ever met any known mobsters?  What's your game plan if America ceases to be the world power that it is now?  What kind of policies would you have with Liechtenstein?  How would you help to improve the problem of obesity in the U.S.?  Should unborn children have constitutional rights? Defend your position.  How do you provide a role model for my kids?  if you had the power, would you repeal the 2nd amendment?  What environmental impact would be if open borders cause mass US migration?  What can be done to remedy the poorly administered Obamacare?  Will manufacturing jobs come back from China/Mexico or will they go to robots?  How to tie federal funds to police depts. putting body cams on police officers.  If you were to suddenly find yourself president,   Do German-Americans deserve an apology for the many references to Hitler?  Speaking  What misconception of you does your opponent have and how do you respond?  Which country posts the biggest threat to the U.S. in next 5 to 10 years?  What are your plans for after the election if you lose? And if you win?  What specifically is bad about the TPP trade deal?  Please explain how you will lead America and focus on the priorities before us?   What if the legislature were to be controlled by the opposite party?  How will you ensure medical technology will reach the intended end users?  Which economic philosophy do you prescribe to? Austrian or Keynesian? Why?  Why is it that the emails from all congressmen and senators?  What will you do to help further mass market electric vehicle adoption?  How, specifically, will you support small business owners?  Will all elected legislators be subject to their enacted requirements?  Will you help develop a better way to hold elections during your term?  Should health insurance be required to cover sterilization?  How do you plan on gaining votes in congress from the other party?   How can you prove that you are responsible enough to be president?  What is your plan to make housing more attainable for first-time home buyers?  Should we get rid of the Electoral College system of voting for President?  Would you be willing to cut entitlement and military budgets to reduce the debt?  In addressing climate change, would you expand the use of nuclear energy?  Appointing a special prosecutor to address police shootings.  What is your plan for the dollar with the Yuan added as Global Reserve currency?  Do you support educating the American public on the harms of genital groping?  If we brought our military home, could we spend that money here?   Do you believe the role of government agencies is being performed as intended?  What is your plan to secure our infrastructure from other countries?  Ensuring Mental Illness Receives The Same Level of Coverage as Physical Illness  Will you allow the full release next year of all evidence in JFK's murder?  With Natl Debt growing out of control, how is your plan different from last 8 yr  women's rights should encompass equal pay, health care costs, their rights to   How will you help women receive the same pay as their male counterparts?  What are candidates views on Karl Rove erasing 22 Million emails under GW Bush?  Do Americans want the low income jobs of illegal immigrants and will it hurt us?  What is a fair price for health insurance per person or family per year?   How are you going to make getting disability fair for all workers  If Americans had the option to redo the primaries do you believe you would win?  Will you continue the militarization of non-military government agencies?  Do you support  Right to Work laws and ending Prevailing Wage?   as a citizen my vote in this election is to "elect the lesser evil of the two".   What is your stance on pre-existing condition clauses currently in place?  What will you do about the GMO and its links to allergies running rampant  in US  If elected president, would you put your business into a blind trust?  Why do you have such a high unfavorable rating so close to the election?  How do you plan on helping recruit high quality teachers for all classrooms?   Can you address the increased economic burden of climate change?  What will you do to help pass the Adoption Tax Credit Refundability Act?  How would you repair our relationship with Russia?  Can you elaborate on your how you plan to tackle abortion issues?  Would you support a balanced budget amendment?  What do you value most in your life?  In detail, describe your plan to some the national debt crisis.  Tell us your feelings about #mortality.  What are you going to do about our crumbling infrastructure?  How would you go about protecting our government secrets and elections?  Define the best plan for increasing environmentally safe forms of energy.  What are your private positions on the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP)?  How will you ensure medical technology will reach the intended end users?  How would you handle evidence of corruption in your administration?  Can you encourage police to shoot to wound rather than shoot to kill?   What are your feelings towards term limits for congress?  Will you keep the current copyright laws the same?  Give me one idea of how you will make inner cities safer for all.  Do you think a person should be able to become President if it has already been   Will you alter the distribution of our federal spending in order to create jobs?  How will you support the   Open boarders with non-parity benefit countries bears a cost.  please quantify.  Do you support women being required to sign up for Selective Service?  Would you use war crimes in the fight against ISIS?  Would you require preconditions to talk with an enemy?  Will the tax code that allows people to not pay taxes for 18 years be eliminated  Ted Cruz would be a superb addition to the Supreme Court in my opinion  Would you support amending the constitution to allow national referendums?  Do you consider your self a global citizen? Why or why not?   With Natl Debt growing out of control, how is your plan different from last 8 yr  What will you do to prevent partisan politics from obstructing progress?  Can you explain your stance on trade? Are we getting a fair deal?  The US has 2 patents on cannabis. Would you work to reschedule and legalize it?  When do you plan on naming your cabinet.  What steps would you take to ensure a non-profit was operating ethically?  Describe a decision that resulted in failure and describe how it improved you.  What would your response to a Russian incursion into a NATO ally be?  Do you support better open access to genealogical records?  What do you think of nap-friendly workplace policies? #SiestaPartyUSA  Should bone marrow donors be allowed to receive monetary compensation?  What is your long term goal for space exploration?   What will you change so I feel safe sending my kids to school in the morning?  Copyright law  What social & community agendas will your spouse support if elected President?   What knowledge in intelligence & military operations you have more than Generals  Is it possible to have FREE COLLEGE ?  HOW ?  "The US is really a plutocracy." How would you disprove this statement?  Is it really possible to have FREE COLLEGE ?  Define who you consider to be middle-class and how your election will impact us.  What can you do for the declining standards of living for men in the USA?  What are you thoughts on eliminating earned income tax?   How will you work to build and improve relationships with African Nations?  Why do you truly want to be President?   When taxes are decreased for the rich how will this affect the poor?  Why the 2 of you?  Where, besides the middle east, do you think US power can do the most good?   Will you work to overturn so-called Right to Work laws?  Will you work to get Big Corporate money out of elections?  Would there be a way to make Higher Education more affordable for all students?   Name the countries that border Uzbekistan, Chad and Thailand.  How would you handle law suits from nations alleging "American terrorist" acts?  Do you support opening up the PX system to all federal employees?  What are you gonna do to reform copyright law?  How would you handle a staff member(s) using their position for personal gain?  What is your stance for penalizing the leaking of classified documents?  How would you use the CIA  What would be the consequences of a trade war with China?  What will you do to reduce the influence of corrupt career politicians?  Why are illegal Hispanics a thread to the US?  What would you do to curb inflation caused by the Federal Reserve?  How are you preparing to handle unique issues in an increasingly digital world  Can you admit to one positive that would come from your opponent becoming POTUS?  Will you eliminate prevailing wage for houses built  for lower incomes?  Countries like Canada and England  limit election campaigns--should the U.S?.    Please list the top 5 governments you'd like to overthrow, countries to invade.  Would you allow any of your fellow canidates be a part of your administration?  How do we restore the proper balance between State, Market, and People?  What in your opinion are the limits of the President's executive powers?   What will you do to ensure that we have an informed electorate?  What is your stance on corporal punishment?  Why?  What are your MAIN focuses on winning the election?   Should Insurance be required to cover the cost of gender reassignment?  How would your tax proposals have impacted the taxes you have paid?  If you could ask your opponent one question, what would it be?  Would you appoint judges to the Supreme Court who would uphold Chevron v. NRDC?  Would you consider forming a "unity government" to lessen division in the US?  How are you going to fix Americas debt?Do you think abortion is good why?  Name 3 books you have read in the past year and tell us what drew you to them.  Wasn't it the constitutional duty of the GW Bush to prevent birther ism?  YES OR NO: If you lose this election, will you ever run for President again?  Will you require welfare to work for all able bodied adults?  What advice would you give my teen-aged son and daughter about sexual consent?  What will you do to insure transparency in D.C. and try to restore some trust  As President what will you do to improve foreign relations?  Do unborn babies have civil and life rights?  Heroin usage  What is your plan to help grow small businesses?  What will you do as President to increase police effectiveness and perception?  Will you attempt to run the entire government on secret, hidden servers?  What will you do the first day in office?  What will your administration do about DHMO deaths?  Should health insurance be required to cover birth control?  Why aren't you 50 points ahead of your opponent?  Address the unjust killings of colored and white civilians by the police.  What will you do, specifically, to make healthcare affordable to all Americans?  Will you make it easier for whistleblowers to expose corruption?  Do you plan on bringing back a capital gains tax on primary residence?    What is your plan to reduce the national debts and balance the budget?  How do we balance the safety of all Americans with an influx of immigrants  How will you "alone" reform the federal income tax system?  What connection/affiliation do you have with George Soros?  I am disabled, since in 1992. How am I supposed to live on $719 per Month?  What will you do to bring a country that is divided back together again.  Do you think you'll be a better president then your candidate?  How will you restore our internet to being the best in the world?  What presidential powers support domestic job growth?  Kids shooting kids. There is an epidemic of disconnection; how would you fix it?  Could you answer questions without any deflections to the opposing candidate(s)?  How will you improve the access to treatment for substance users?    Fining athletes for divisiveness? Criticism of divisiveness?  How will you foster bipartisanship in such a heavily polarized Congress?  Was the cause of the 2008 collapse?     What will you do to educate us about climate change?  DO you believe anyone running for the presidency should be required to submit to  What are your views and policies concerning terrorism and Isis.  Is the Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy responsible 4 the rise of the deplorables?  Aside from the present, what period in US history would you consider to be great  Kashmir  Define your position on LGBT rights and how will that guide your actions?  What percentage of the federal budget should go to poor people in Africa?  Do you support "Bathroom Bill" legislation targeting Transgender Americans?  Are you for or against ratification of CEDAW?  Why does the US give $38Billion to Israel, despite their human rights violations  I live with Multiple Sclerosis & have watched the cost of medications skyrocket.  Do you support raising the income cap of $118,000 for social security contributi  I feel there should be a cap on vacation spending for the POTUS and his family  What are your thoughts on right to work laws  With Natl Debt growing out of control, how is your plan different from last 8 yr  What will you do to stop the Dakota Access Pipeline and protect Native lands?  Do you believe in climate change, what immediate and major changes are needed?  Ending Congressional Inertia  Will you take the USS Pueblo out of North Korea and bring it home to the U.S.?  Would you end the Optional Practical Training program for foreign students?  What are the pwrs and responsibilities of the Pres according to the Constitution  What is your stance on police brutality?   What do you value most in your life?  Will you close tax loopholes so the wealthiest people pay their fair share?  If you were caught lying,would you admit your guilt?  What services are you going to improve upon for the DISABLED?  Do you believe that the US ought to become energy independent.  Do you think you can stop bashing your opponent?  Should voters have access to their elected officials' conversations with donors?  How will you prevent North Korea from acquiring ICBMs?  What would you do about corporate reform?  White, heterosexual, patriotic, christians are being harrassed and silenced.   Do you have a plan to help graduates address private student loan debt?  Is it better to support the poor or give tax breaks to the rich?   What is the strength of American Economy and how do we make it stronger?  What is your stance on the proposition of raising the minimum wage?  Would yo take a psychological profile and do you think presidential candidates    Will you support the development of Thorium fueled nuclear reactors?  Specifically explain how you would keep our children from abuse.  How do you plan to help nonprofits financially handle a raised minimum wage?  GOING FORWARD what is the U.S.'s role in the Middle East?  Would you support full funding disclosure of any entity doing political activity  What is your favorite parable of Jesus and why? How do apply in your life?  Do you believe in the Rapture and does that disqualify you from being POTUS?  Would you respond militarily to a cyber-attack?  Do you believe that P.O.W's should be held as heros in high regard  If we give immigrants Soc. Sec. benefits, will that threaten it's solvency!  Lyme disease research, education and insurance coverage...How will you help?  As president will you make an effort to discredit pseudoscience?  Will you expand income-based repayment plans to private student loans?  In 3 words describe the kind of United States we could expect if you were Pres.  Should the people be fully informed about all government activities?  Would a ban on Muslims entering the country be unconstitutional?  How will you secure a stable financial future for the upcoming generations?  Should citizens be able to redirect tax payments away from certain things?  What are your plans for the US drone program?  Do you support Privatized funding of the air traffic system?   Do you believe 5G phone service and free wifi are basic human rights?  There has been a lot of government corruption,why should we believe in you?  Do you support teacher accountability based on standardized test scores?  How can America be both united and diverse? Does unity mean uniformity?  Would you support a State Convention to restore our original small government?  How would you ensure our classified secrets are handled properly?  How will you address the growing problem of political polarization in the US?  Election reform  Should loopholes exist that allow 0 payment of future Taxes  for companies?  Any new policies/guidelines for Vet Homes to care for aging/disabled vets?  What will your administrations policy be towards globalization?  What would you do to prevent inversion?  What role does/should the media play in our society? In our elections?  Why do you deserve to be president?  What specifically will you do to restore ethics to our government?  Can something be done to have a more livable minimum wage? Your solution is?   How do you in intend to protect us from terrorism  and people who hate us and b  How will you strengthen OSHA?  Will you change laws that will help ex-offenders get jobs, residences...?   Should American History classes teach the whole truth, warts and all?  Should candidates have basic knowledge of government?  in this cyber world,how does a wall keep us safe?  What is the most difficult decision you ever had to make?  How does HC's Blueprint for America compare with Stiglitz's Rewriting the Rules?  We need to enforce illegal deportations, and end anchor babies!  How have you improved opportunities for women & what you will do as President?  Why does health care still cost so much? How to put patients first, not profit?  What are your 3 favorite books, and why?  Is it acceptable to make fun of people with disabilities or health problems?  When should the generals refuse a direct order from the President?  What qualifies you to handle the nuclear codes?  Explain the relevance of a Constitutional Amendment other than I, II or V.  What issue have you changed your mind about, and why?  How will you deal with criticism & dissent?   When will KSM be executed for 9/11?  What would you do to ensure that Americans are educated in information literacy?  How would you improve the education system in the US ton allow for modern job?  Should any American - working or not - live in poverty?  How do you propose bringing Congressional leaders together in a divided election  We are sick of it! Will you both vow to end the personal attacks on each other?  How will you tie federal funding to police wearing & activating body cameras?  How specifically will you change the narrative that government doesn't work?  Can children with food insecurity learn?  How would you fix food insecurity?  Polls show that most Americans dislike and distrust both of you. Explain.  Which congressional member of the opposite party do you admire and why?  How do you feel about destruction of evidence pertaining to an investigation?  How would you amend the United States Constitution to get DC working again?  Will you streamline the transfer of Medicaid recipients between states?  Discuss a situation when you made a mistake and how you corrected your mistake.  Do you support full Congressional representation for residents of Washington DC?  What qualifications are required to be President of the United States?  Why do you, or why do you not support reinstating the military draft?  Would you reduce or increase guest worker programs like H1B and J1?  Why should Americans put up with 2-party system instead of multiparty democracy?  What is the greatest strength of your opponent?  What will you do to help encourage and promote the sharing economy?  How do you plan to ensure that people on the no fly list don't purchase guns?  How would you promote respect for human rights both here in the US and abroad?  Do unborn babies have civil  & life right?  Should health insurance be required to cover abortion?  Without even mentioning your opponent, tell me why I should vote for you  What about the 600 FEMA concentration camps & the 30,000 guillotines in America   Would you both consent to the administration of a comprehensive drug screening?  How would you prevent terrorists from acquiring nuclear weapons in Pakistan?   Would you support repealing the requirement of EMR on doctors?  Do you hold different positions in public than you do in private?  How would you simplify the current tax code if elected this November?  Women's rights in Islamic Countries.  Can you recite either the preamble or the articles of the constitution?  Is sending jobs overseas wrong?  What is a failure you experienced and what have you learned from it?  Do you support the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities?  If elected, how would you handle conflicts-of-interest related to your business?  how come we the people cannot choose moderators ?  China plans to be world's largest power by mid-2040's.  Your plan tot address   Do you think it is a weakness to admit a past mistake and apologize?  What will you do to get ENDA, w/o trans exclusion, passed on  the federal level.  should opinion pieces be labeled as such in newscasts?  What would you do improve economic mobility in the US?  Will you reduce political campaigns to 60 days? No phone calls, no TV ads.  What will you do to stop the murders of innocent people by police officers?  How are you planning to handle the 25% of us who are deplorables?  If elected, will you put an end to Sanctuary Cities?   What will you specifically do to help those addicted to opiates?  How do you plan to reverse the productivity-wage gap?  What are you willing to do about the over prescription of opiate pain killers?  will you release your tax return for the year 2014.      Do you favor replacing the (CPI-W) with (CPI-E)?  How would you ensure that students using federal funds get a quality education?  Where is all the money that was supposed to go to Haiti?  Do you think John McCain is a hero?  How will you work to unify this nation?  How will you promote college as a place to learn & not a place to be coddled?  How do you explain the 25 year decrease in crime rates vs rising gun ownership?  How do you plan on making neighborhoods better and more safer?   In the future should presidential candidates have to disclose their taxes?   If necessary will you put climate change action ahead of the economy?  What will you do to heal the deep divide between the 2 major political parties?  Do you believe the current childhood vaccination schedule is excessive?   Will you allow the military to develop autonomous weapons systems?   How will you restore trust in a government seemingly run by elites?  Secularism  How do you plan on correcting  numerous law / rights violations committed daily?  What's the public service achievement that you're most proud of and why?   Will you prosecute the people who authorized the use of torture?  How would you help save the economy from a potential financial collapse?  Given economic ramifications & low quality scores US healthcare why no UnivHC  What is our moral responsibility towards Syria and Syrian refugees?  If backup was requested at a hostile site overseas, would you send help?   What will you do as President to get the NRA in line with gun safety issues?  How will you deal with Vladimir Putin?  What, specifically and concretely, would you do to improve Obamacare?  how do you plan to police the police and stop the killing of unarmed black ppl  How do you plan to engage first generation Americans in this presidential race?  What is your proposal to resolve the looming Physician shortage?  what they would do about all of the immigrants coming into our country   How should congressional pay be determined?  Do you support criminal action for those that bribe media and rig elections.  How will you ensure accountability and transparency in our courts?  What is your plan to prepare for the long-term care needs of the baby boomers?  Would you be more inclined to phase out, maintain, or strenthen Social Security?  If you have used tax loopholes to avoid paying any taxes, will you close them.  If we give immigrants Soc. Sec. benefits, will that threaten it's solvency!  What 3 biggest lies told about you during the election would you like to correct  Can we fight climate change without significantly increase regulations?  Would you support all government employees live on minimum wage?  Why is the UN involved in our domestic affairs?  Why would you lower taxes on corporations that already pay little to none?  As President, what will you do to ensure your policies are actually enacted?  Should it be required to release your last year's tax information?  What do u think about making their passport a mandatory ID for every immigrant?  Will you please admit that Obama care is killing small business /employee wages  What plans do you have on becoming more environmentally friendly?  How does your stance on abortion correlate with your faith?  Name the best achievement of the most recent President from the other party.  There are 17 countries that make up the Middle East region. Please name 10.  Should all US gov't employees be allowed to erase any records as they see fit?  Will you ban the export of American horses to Mexico and Canada for slaughter?  What is your plan to reduce the shortage of K-12 teachers?  How will you help to further the Black Lives Matter movement?  Explain "I take full responsibility".  What would you do to ensure fair employment opportunities for new young workers?  Would you support an Amendment that undoes the idea of "corporate personhood"?  What types of jobs will you create to improve our economy?  How do you plan to tackle the addiction epidemic in this country?   In your opinion, what are the most important challenges facing our country and  What will you do or continue to do with Puerto Rico?  What is the primary task of the executive branch of our government?  What is your plan to deal w coming wave of automation that will replace workers  What do you see as the primary job of DOJ and the Supreme Court?  What are your plans for Social Security?   Serious social/political rifts will remain after election, how will you handle?  what plan will you put forth for individuals with autism and their family  While investing a hedge fund.Top executives erase their email. Do you prosecute?  Please describe what an ethical government will look like under your leadership.  List 3 legislative goals that are likely to achieve bipartisan support.  How would close the loopholes that allow entities to pay 0 or less in taxes?  Do you support the Buffet Law replacing the Alternative Minimum Tax law?  Should businesses be able to deny services to LGBTQ+ individuals/couples?  What is the Trans Pacific Partnership and why do you oppose it?  Why are certain political "leaders" seemingly exempt from prosecution  Would you consider giving a driver Licence to immigrants ho have no legal status  Would you support limits on guns and ammo purchases in a given time period?  Should Congress be required to pass a  budget/fill appointments or face penaltys  Does the 1st amend. allow employers to opt out of abortion coverage for employee  Should the FDA and the USDA have the power to impose food safety regulations?  What can be done to protect women and children from being killed by abusive men?  Is it a criminal offense to destroy evidence after SUBPOENAS have been issued ?  How would you improve education in the US to allow for access to modern jobs?  Where do you stand on the balance between freedom and safety?  What evidence exists that the wealthy will pay a fair share under your tax plan?  Why do you want to be president of this country?  At what dollar figure does wealth begin?  What can we do as a nation to decrease polarization and promote civility?   How do you plan on reducng the 19 Trillion Dollar debt without raising taxes?  What would you do as president to help resolve the Israeli/Palestine conflict?  Why is Stien and Johnson not in the debates  Should security clearances be revoked if classified information is mishandled?  Define "fascist," and then tell us why you aren't one.  Politicians want folks to pay "their fair share." What tax rate is that exactly?  Why aren't we planting billions of trees to remove carbon from the atmosphere?  Would you implement a plan for installing solar farms                        What changes can be made to trade agreements to benefit the U.S.?  What will you do to make it easier for entrepreneurs to manufacture in the   U.S  What does section 2 of Article II in the US Constitution mean to you?  Should someone who disregards top secrets be able to run for President?  How will you fix education in major US cities?  Why do you feel you have the self-discipline and self-control to be President?  My question is about total legalization of marijuana verses alcohol and opiates  What will you do to reform the tax code and IRS?  How would you renegotiate the TPP and other trade deals to make them better?  How do you intend to reach out to the segments of America you have insulted?  Would you change the healthcare system?  If so, how?  How did you cultivate a compassion for others? How do we do it as a nation?  How will you help young people with existing college debt?  How would you get younger people more involved in the political process?  What are you going to do about climate change?  What steps would you take to increase cybersecurity in the US & abroad?  What will you do about discrimination against older workers in employment?  Do you have any serious health problems that you are hiding from Americans?  Will you adjust interest rates on student loans for recent graduates?   When will E-Verify be fully implemented nationwide?  What would you do to help people afford the costs of prescription medications?  What is being done to help the persecuted church all over the world?  Do you support Bernie Sander's Bill to close tax loopholes?  Should companies be required to offer paid maternity and paternity leave?  What Will You Do To Protect Whistleblowers Who Expose Corruption?  Over the past few decades chronic health problems  US CHILDREN have skyrocketed.  What is your priority to reduce the federal deficit, and how would you do this?   What facts have you considered in developing your immigration policy?  How would you reduce crime and revitalize poor inner city communities?  What is your stance on sanctuary cities?  Do you have any plans for lessening the raping of land in this country?  Do you believe that Americans should keep more their pay check/earnings?  Would you support a rewrite of the tax codes? making it truly fair for all!  Everyone promises to cut spending but no one does. How will you? Cut where?  Do you believe a corporation is a person, or money is free speech?  How will you protect Americans from unwarranted gov't spying?  Do you believe that government officials are above the law?  Can you make reference to a time when America was great and why?  Do you support elimination of PACs and Super PACs?  What will you do to bring back industrial jobs?   How will you represent the Non-Christian American?  1 in 68 children are diagnosed with autism.  What will you do to help them?  What is your position on our second amendment rights?  What can be done to help Americans acting as caretakers for family members?   Obama nominated Merrick Garland to the SCOTUS. Should the Senate hold a hearing  What is your definition of middle class?  What will you do to keep Social Security going strong?  Honest, is that you?  Why does America, land of liberty have communist China a top trading partner?  Will you protect animals from cruel  research projects paid with tax money?  Do you support the FCC in making the internet a Common Carrier?  Do you support the elimination of corporate income tax?  What are your plans to address the mental well being of specifically LGBT youth?  What will you do to help end infant Male Genital Mutilation (circumcision)?   How will you curb the regulatory capture of Washington by Wall Street?  Would you explain why an infrastructure bill has not come to a vote in Congress?  How will you deal with conflicts of interest from your other business interests?  What are you going to do about coal miners pensions and health benefits promised  Do you support stronger animal and pet rights?  Other than cutting taxes, what would you do to stimulate job growth?  How many more deaths will happen before they do more to control guns?  Corporate power now overwhelms citizens' voices. What will you do to fix that?  How can you reassure the American public that voting system isn't rigged?  What do you say to voters who do not want to vote for either candidate?   how will you protect civil rights for all LGBT citizens?  How will you discourage the racism and bigotry that has become popularized  What would you do to someone who burns our flag?  What will you do to eliminate corruption in the highest government offices  WHAT IS YOUR PLAN TO INCREASE MINIMUM WAGE AND HOW SOON COULD IT BE IMPLEMENTED?  What is the net cost of benefits to illegal immigrants to US taxpayers, annually  Why aren't jobs sent across the borders not seen as missed opprotunities in US?  Employers continue employ undocumented workers What would you do to stop this  What is the role of government?  What will you do to safeguard Social Security, a critical safetynet for seniors?  Do you support the adding gender to the Civil Rights Act for transgender people?  How will you ensure SS to retiree's is not automatically cut 25% in yr 2034?  This has to do with Social Security -   Will you commit to US support of the Syrian Democratic Forces in North Syria?  When, exactly, was America great?  How do you plan to improve the VA's treatment and care for our veterans?  How do you plan to address the threat of pandemics, such as the Zika virus?  Why do ProgreSSives persist in redefining illegal aliens as immigrants?  Do you agree that police should be tried for murder when they kill someone?  Would you support a minimum raise of 2.5% to social security recipients monthly.  Do you support "No budget, no pay" for an on-time budget?  Describe position related to common core standards.  What will you do to help those on Social Security or Social Security Disabiliity  How will family and women's healthcare improve under your presidency?  What actions would you take to ensure veterans receive proper health care?  What are your plans to end and prevent homelessness in the United States?  What is your plan to address the current fed-fueled asset bubble?   As president, how would you support the movement for black lives?  What will you do to deal with the predatory nature of private student loan debt?  What is your plan to bring back jobs  outsourced to other countries?  Why are race relations in worse after 8 years of the first black President?  Why can't government employees be fired for illegal/unethical activities?  If elected as President, what is your position on illegal and legal immigration?  Why not be in favor of all organic farming, like Bhutan?  Do the United States' historic racial demographics deserve preservation?  Should individuals who lie under oath to congress be charged with a crime  How would you support the work of EPA and make sure it has adequate funding?  What will you do to address poverty in America?  How should revelations of bias and tampering during the primaries be addressed?   What policy proposals do you have for promoting high quality teaching?  How does it serve the interest of the US to turn the internet over to globalist   How will you support overworked and underpaid teachers?  What will you do to keep drinking water pure and free of toxic chemicals?  Will you stop Social Security & Medicare from over taxing workers who are 70+?  What will you do to combat sexual assault on college campuses?  Why should a woman vote for you?  Would you support mandatory independent investigations of all police shootings?  What specifically would you do to reduce the insane number of guns in America?  Would you ever consider reducing our extreme defense spending?  How would you reduce the ever increasing regulatory burden?  Do you support community policing?   As President, what will you do to support people with autism and their families   What can you do as President to protect animals and the environment?  78% of Americans want Citizens United overturned.  What is your stance?  What is more important to you: A strong USA, or globalized one world government?  Please describe a time when you put the public interest ahead of your own.  Would you pardon Edward Snowden as a whistleblower on NSA PRISM? Why or why not?  Specifically, how will you help the middle class once President?  What are your thoughts on protecting the boarder and illegal immigrants.    Would you appoint judges to overturn 2008 Heller decision so guns can be banned?  What is your stance/intention regarding Sanctuary Cities?  Do you support Planned Parenthood & a woman's constitutional right to choose?  What plan if any do you have to help the Homeless families in our country?  How would you repatriate the $2 Trillion held overseas by US companies?   What is your plan to improve early childhood education in this country?  What will you do to help homeless Americans?  Will you stop working with countries that fund terrorism, such as Saudi Arabia?  What would you do as President to help defeat cancer?    Do you support returning control of our schools to parents and local communities  How will each of you address the Citizens United decision and Super-PACs?  Would you support a law that holds corporate officers criminally liable?  What measures would you propose to reduce or blunt gerrymandering? 
Why are Private Pension Plans in Danger of Insolvency allow   to cut benefits?  companies pension r allowed to under fund their pensions  to pay infrastructu     Can a politician ever answer a question directly? Rather than talk around it.  What is your plan to take the unsavory out of politics?   In the event of secession, what responsive actions would you take as president?  Will you increase the real estate tax to mitigate the power of dynasties?  What are you going to do to encourage voting on a national scale?   If your grandchild complained about bullying what action will you take.  How do you plan to protect the Bill or Rights, including Freedom of the Press?  What a tangled web? Explain your plan to unravel ties and put America first?  How will you insure the American people are treated with respect?   How will you make class action lawsuits fairer for victorious plaintiffs?  How much is a gallon of milk?  Will you close the real estate developer tax loophole?  What are you going to do to end the war in the Middle East?  Should there be limits on late term elective abortions?  Will you ensure that churches would be safe from the homosexual agenda?  If vaccines are so safe and effective, why are they indemnified?  What are you going to do to reform our police and justice system?  Who and/or what are you fighting for? People or politics?   Would you support reparations to white slaves brought to America?  What are you going to do in order to alleviate the tax burdens on Middle America  How do you feel about dropping the prefix and census, just be Americans?  Why is it we can afford to send Israel billions of dollars/year?  Will you reinstate the Fairness Doctrine that Reagan stopped enforcing?  How will you lower carbon dioxide levels?  How will you fix congress which is seen as broken by so many of us?  How would you deal with Chinese expansionism, especially in the South China Sea?  Would you enact laws eliminating latch babies?  What are your feelings on the current National Anthem protests?  Do you believe life begins at conception?   What are you going to do to end the never ending, expensive "War on Drugs"?  Do you support the continuation of Deferred Action?   What will you do to protect police officers from BLM groups?  We hear a lot about the 2nd amendment. Which one matters most to you and why?  Do you support transgender bathrooms?  What role does NASA play in your plans for the country?  Name a woman in public service or business who inspires you.  What will you do to increase voter participation?  Do you support not allowing law makers to exclude themselves from such laws?  What will it take to transition our country off oil to renewable energy? Details  Will you protect women's rights to have an abortion?  How will you protect woman from sharia law?  What have you done in your career to promote affordable housing?  Do you believe that large corporations have too much control over elections  When is Gov't going to repay S.S. for the 'loans' that started under Reagan?  What do you think about Obamacare?   How serious a threat do you perceive climate change  & how will you confront it?  I am a strong advocate for public schools. Do you consider yourself an advocate?  Why don't politicians pay a portion of their health care with high deductibles?  What will you do to support the arts, especially in public schools?  Would you prohibit pay for play, and lobbyists "Volunteering" in govt offices?  What will you do to enforce our immigration laws?  How would you improve mental health system and reduce stigma of mental illness?  What will you do to stop thousands of Mustangs being put to death?  What are your plans to end the Federal Reserve?  Would you support legislation enabling indivdual import of drugs from Canada?  Will you go after employers who hire illegal immigrants?  Why are immigrants getting so much financial aid for college?  Do you believe that reproductive rights are fundamental human rights?   Do you believe fracking is an environmental threat.   Would you consider removing lobbyists influence from Law makers? 
how do you view "executive privilege"  Do you agree that the middle class makes enough money and needs not be rich?  What core principles govern your public and personal life?  Should the requirements for becoming POTUS be revised or updated  why do you want to be president of the united states?  Both Parties have accepted money from banks that were bailed out - why is this o  Why is the U.S. one of the only countries in the world lacking paid family leave  Why is it ok for one candidate to be held to a different standard than another?   How would you address the adjunct labor issue and corporatization of colleges?   How do you plan to lower the national debt through taxes?  Do you support decreasing the taxes on companies and families?   Are you willing to work with congress to appeal the Civil rights act?  do you think the A.G. of the US should  be an elected or an appointed position?  How would you stop sex trafficking of women & children at the border?  How will you work to repair trust between the government and it's citizens?  Is Globalization good for Americans ?  Would you support national standards for local/state policing organizations?  Will you as a president support states rights to pass BSL's  Do you endorse term limits?  Do you believe it's ok for a woman to have a partial birth abortion?  I'm a teacher in the southeast.  I make less than I did in 2006.    Why am I not allowed to to buy insurance but they can leave the program?  What will you do to prevent govt. officials from being above the law.  what are your plans for college funding for the ones that can't afford it?  How exactly would you go about legislating loopholes in the tax code?   What is one thing you admire about your opponent ?  Would you support a shortened presidential campaign cycle?  What can be done to make the integrity of our voting process work again?  How can candidates take donations from foreign governments ?  What are you going to do specifically to increase pay for teachers?   What will you do as President to gain the trust of the people?  Will you support a federal proposal legalizing public nudity throughout the US?  who decides where refugees will be allowed to live and how are the areas chosen?  Will you uphold and respect the Constitution?  If elected, would you support a non-profit single payer health care system?   Should Christian business owners be forced to participate in same-sex weddings?  Has any foreign countries contributed to your foundation?  How are you going to make education more affordabl for people who can't aford it  Would you propose to ensure that veterans are accommodated before illegals?  Name an accomplishment you achieved that people didn't think you could.  Can you honestly say that you are the spokesperson for all womans rights?   What are your ideas for working toward harmony and equality among the races/ethn  Would you make social security optional?   How can military and veteran budgets be increased without more tax revenue?  What will you do to secure states' rights and curtail big government?  How will you prevent the perception of a conflict of interest with you policies  Free college OR volunteer military & a GI Bill, not both; which do you support?  As President, what will you do to help those affected by student loan debt?  What is the primary Constitutionally-established role of the President?  How do you plan to increase jobs for the people who are on welfare.   Would you support the North America Union with no borders  Experience and Lessons Learnt  Why do illegal's obtain govt funding but Americans have problems obtaining help.  Well you reign in the overregulating, unlawful alphabet bureaucratic agencies.  Why don't we lock pedophiles up for good and protect  our children?  why do retired military personnel have to pay taxes?  Military Support and Development   Should anyone with a criminal record or breaks the law be allowed in office?   Do you support a fathers rights during and after pregnancy?  Do you believe that Gay Men should be able to donate blood? If not, Why?  Would you support and work on getting the Equal Rights Amendment ratified  Will you support laws that reduce enviromental impact and reduce global warming?  Do you support equal rights for men and women regard child custody?  Prove to us that you have that temperament; that you won't get bored and resign?  With the passage of Obamacare, y do we still need to support Planned Parenthood?  How would you bring jobs back from over seas into america?  If elected, would you support drug testing for entitlements.  Would you appoint SC justices who find homosexual marriage unconstitutional?  How can you persuade the American people that you are trustworthy?   Why won't employers hire prisoners who make their products in prison?  If elected, would you support a election monetary limit on campaign spending   How will you help control rising cost of prescription drugs?   Do you support equal rights for men and women regarding child custody?  If elected, would you support congressional oversight to improve voter integrity  If elected, would you support eliminating foreign contributions.  Do you believe the Theory of Evolution is true?  How would you eliminate the crushing debt that has been placed on our children?  What is your stance regarding the rights of US territories like Puerto Rico?   What will you do to prevent unelected agencies from implementing policies?  cop killings should be included in federal hate crimes, will you protect them  I need to pinpoint your view on abortion. What does Psalm 139:13-16 mean to you?  Why have regulations made it more difficult to live abroad?  Standing with the UN, do you believe African Americans are owed reparations?  What will you do to combat climate change alarmists?  What is the significance of the FBI finding that Petraeus emails were deleted?  If elected will you prosecute George Soros for his crimes  against the US?  How would you work to assist autistic citizens & their families?  Can you outline your plan for undocumented immigrants and dreamers?  Can the president enhance his/her business and wealth while in the White House?  What will you do for felons (mental health, jobs, stigma, etc.)?  Do you support Obama's pivot to Asia? What is our role in the region?  First Term Accomplishments  Plans to close unfair tax loopholes like hedge funds and real estate income.   Will you audit all the agencies such as IRS, BLM, FBI, and others.   how do you plan to help with the extremely high cost of college?  I'm a proud American Muslim, if you are president will my life matter to you?   As president, what will you do to bring nuance into American politics?  Should attorneys fired for ethics violations be trusted to lead the USA?  What will you do to restore trust in our government?  Why are Criminals allowed to run for president?  Will you agree to release the papers currently hidden from the public eye?  How can the unemployed get health care coverage?  How is the no fly list revoking gun rights any different than stop and frisk?   What can be done about the stark ideological divide in Washington?  Do you support the indefinite detention of American citizens without trial?  Do you solemnly swear to release all your health records,have them independently  Would you be willing to dismantle Obama's crooked bureaucratic agencies.  If our military forces were in serious  trouble, would you send help?  Should other countries have to prove their value to US to get foreign aid? Why/n  Did EPA illegally use children as guinea pigs?  Will you stop the refugees from entering the USA temporarily or permanently.  Small businesses are suffering due to gov't regulations, how will you help?  How do you suppose that the wall will  keep the immigrants and terrorists out?  What's your opinion of Vladimir Putin and the future of Russia/US relations?  How can two people with lives of privilege truly relate to regular Americans?  Will you release a full disclosure  before election of all foreign business ties  What's the role of private military companies in supporting our military abroad?  Above poverty line but way below  middle class  5th Amendment  How would you change the voting process to eliminate or decrease voter fraud?  How will you help people with Private student loans who HAVE been paying back   What action, if any, would you take to reform the Department of Justice?  How do you plan to balance online surveillance with personal privacy?  Does theFederal government have the right to overrule religious beliefs?    government procurement  What will you do to address the States that did not expand their Medicaid plans?  What would you do differently to avoid what happened in Benghazi?  How do you plan to get any of your policies thru congress?  Medicare part B  Our water supply is poisonous how are you going to fix this?         How will you protect infrastructure from rising sea levels?  How do we bring back or make up for the jobs that have left the United States?  When will the government stop the college tuition loan program?  What you do to ensure there is only one law in America & no Sharia law allowed.  Why should we not stop taking immigrants from countries where Jihad is popular?  Why haven't Iraq war crimes & bankers involved in Great Recession prosecuted?  Why can't we get the cost of prescription drugs under control.   What are your plans for increasing funding for childhood cancer research?  What is your plan to give our Veterans of the armed services better health care?  How will you enforce immigrants to learn our English language for citizenship,  Would you commute the sentences of non-violent marijuana offenders?  What is your stance on federal legalization of medical marijuana?  How will you control our borders and deport immigrants that commit crimes?  Do you support having English as the official language of the United States?  How do you ensure that women can access medical services at Planned Parenthood?   Without free and fair elections, what hope is there for the future of America?   Would you support Congress having the same healthcare as all Americans.  How would you expand upon Obamacare? Are you in favor of a public option? 
What are your thoughts on abortion?   What are your thoughts on Common Core Standards?  How will you support children who are not getting their basic needs met?  Should redistricting happen in all 50 states every 4-5 years?  What are your thoughts on the funding of education?  How do you plan improve the educational system?   How would you make college education more affordable?  Who do you think will win the Super Bowl this year?  What will you do to protect our police officers from violence against them?  How will you make the American people and their safety a priority?   How are you a role model to children aspiring to become President?   Do you support the Ethanol industry and the corn oil and DDGS bi-products?  Do you know what a DNS server does and what IP means?  How are you going to make the government an entity people can trust and respect?  Russia has been increasingly more aggressive in Europe  Both candidates show ignorance and disinterest in technology.  How will you protect ALL religious rights?   Is technology helping or hindering student performance in education?  Will you do anything to reform the abuse of Executive Orders from the Presidency  What is your plan to curb poverty?  What specific steps will you take to transform US into a manufacturing hub?  Is it possible to prevent discrimination and not discriminate against others?  How are you going to stop the abuse of government assistance programs?  What is the future of Common Core under your administration?  Do you believe healthcare is a right or privilege?  Do you feel life begins at conception or at birth and why?    What will you do about rural healthcare?  Who is the most influential person in your life?  Why do you love America?  How does staying home all the time prepare you to be president?  How will you support men's rights during your presidency?   How will you win over people who vote against you when elected president?  What is America's greatest strength and its greatest weakness?  Who is the most influential person in your life?  Will you make sure that white males are treated fairly in hiring processes?  Female rights overshadow male rights at this point. How will you protect both?  Do you support affirmative action?  Should the US be limited in it's military response globally by the UN?  How will you ensure that we'll stop terrorists before they act in this country?  Why wasn't ISIS recognized and dealt with sooner?  Will you submit to an independent health evaluation and release the report?  How much should the United States be involved globally?  What steps will you take to improve relationships between whites and blacks?  What is your specific plan to unite America on day 1?  Should the government keep subsidizing abortions?  What will be your top three priorities if elected president?  Is gun control a viable solution considering the gun violence in Chicago?  Is your health plan better than Obamacare and, if so, how?  How do you feel about white men being discriminated against in today's society?  How soon do you think you can defeat ISIS once elected president?  Is political correctness more important than free speech?  How will you stop providers from leaving the Obamacare marketplace?  Should Facebook and Twitter be forced to adhere to the 1st amendment?  Should America's policy be governed in any way by the UN or foreign nations?  What will you do to prevent nuclear weapons from being used on us?  Will you circumvent Congress and the will of the people with executive orders?  Will you circumvent the will of the people with executive orders?  Will you support NASA's and others' efforts in getting humans to Mars?  What is your plan to guarantee that millennials will be able to retire one day?  What will you do to ensure that Iran does not attain nuclear weapons?  How will you make healthcare affordable for families with two or less children?  What will you do to help settle the Palestinian and Israeli conflict?  Our nation is greatly divided.  What will you do to instill peace in the US?  Is Black Lives Matter a positive movement and what is your plan to respond?  Should transgender people be allowed to use any bathroom they want? Why?  How will you support teachers and education, not only through funding?  Would you support reinstating the COOL Labeling law?  How will you heal race relations in America?  What is your position on spying on US citizens?  How will you make America's education system great again?  What will your policy be towards nations like North Korea, Iran, and Russia?  Should a person who's been careless with sensitive information be elected?    What will you do to get the GMO labeling on our food?  Name three specific ways in which you plan to help the middle class?  What is your plan for the coal industry?  How important is border security to you, and what will you do about it?  What is your opinion on abortion?  What moral principle would most guide your decision making as President?  What is your plan to protect religious freedom in America?  What is your plan to make sure social security exists for all generations?  What will you do about the rising tide of  sexual abuse in our country?  Should illegal immigrants be deported, and if so, under what circumstances?  The predictions of global warming haven't happened. Is global warming a reality?  Do you think the US should maintain completely sovereign from the UN?  How would you reduce healthcare prices w/o lowering the quality of healthcare?  Do you believe that safety justifies reducing the civil liberties of citizens?  What will America's involvement with the UN look like under your presidency?  Politicians get benefits for life 
Would you support grand jury deciding on politicians being charged vs DOJ/FBI  Will you disavow & pledge not to make personal attacks, and address issues only?  How is the public to ensure fairness for businesses and foundations?  The bubble burst in 2000&2008. If credit disappears, people are going to be hurt  Under what circumstances, if any,  is it legal for an HOA to evict a homeowner?  What actions or plans would you put in place to Vicims & violence   Do you believe in God?  Should political figures be judged based on their in appropriate words/actions?  Would you support ending the earnings cap on people drawing social security?  WHAT ARE THE PLANKS OF YOUR PLATFORM?  Where do you worship and how has your faith influenced your life?  Would you appoint someone to the Supreme Court who would overturn Obergefell?  Do you feel an American President is accountable to its people?  What are the top 3 tax loop holes that you think should be closed?  How would you help to eradicate the cost of college tuition?  If you're wrong about something, how do you know? And the what do you do about i  The bubble burst in 2000&2008. If credit disappears, people are going to be hurt  how will each canidate use their faith to make every day decisions of being pres  Where does taxing the successful and responsible end?  Why would trickle down economics work now when it failed in the past?  How do your opponent's scandals make them an inferior candidate for presidency?  Would you support a family with multiple college students to receive  Pell Grant  What would you do to support the creation of democratic worker cooperatives?  As our nation's President, would you prioritize enforcement of antitrust laws?  How will your economic plan differ in implantation from GW Bush's?  Does a woman have a right to abort a baby with gay-trending genes?  How important has the 39th amendment of the US Constitution been to America?  Would you hold all politicians legally responsible for what they tell the public  What is the difference between a Republic & a Democracy?  Is it acceptable to shame rape victims? Should they be believed?   would you cut funding to countries that do not like us?  How will you prevent small businesses from closing if minimum wage is $15/hr?  How do you identify implicit bias in our nation?  Is it everywhere?  Would you favor exempting 1981 El Caminos from any and all emission standards?  Are you willing to seek God in your decision making as President?  Do you support homeschooling & what will you do to support this movement?  Can anything be done about biased media not giving Americans the truth.  Should educational focus move away from the knowledge measurement trend?    What is your policy towards Afghanistan?  How does reducing taxes and keeping entitlements help reduce the National Debt?  Can you address Currency Manipulation Enforcement w/TPP?  What is your plan to prepare the country for the impacts of climate change?   Do you have a plan to make the economy more small business friendly?  Can you state your 1st term-policy without the distraction of name calling?   Will the candidate enforce E-verify?  How can the public be fair to teachers while restoring parents as the final say?  What lessons from World War I specifically could help avoid the next global war?  How will you address the increasing national debt?  What is better for America Protectionism or a free-market?  What is your plan for the Affordable Care Act?  How can American people trust you with the nuclear weapons?  The election has come down to 2 liars and criminals. Should there be a revolt?   What do you think about labeling genetically modified (GMO) foods?  How will you protect atheists (almost 29 M in US) from religiously inspired laws  What would you do to end Legistative Immunity in Congress?  Why not implement an automatic cost of living raise for retirees?  Define Critetia for rehab for addiction.  Name 2 attributes or policy positions of your opponent that you respect   Can you really defend not inviting third party candidates to the debates?  Will you reinstate anti-trust regulation?  How do we explain to our children that it is alright for Presidential Candidates  What is your specific plan to work with Congress to make changes to the ACA?  Would you tolerate careless handling of Classified info in your administration?  Should we raise federal taxes on the poor from 0% to 12%?  When will you release your complete health records  Do you have any plans to address rampant online abuse?  Can you get the the media to do more than consider top 30 and commit to top 5?   How will you resolve the over crowded  prisons isssue?  The responsibilities of the Secretary of State.  Should we raise federal income taxes on the poor from 10% to 12%  What would you do to help create a new generation of antibiotic drugs?  Can anything be done to news organizations to prevent bias in the industry  What would you do to encourage members of Congress to work together?  What is your opinion on Russia?  Should marital infidelity by a candidate or spouse be a factor for voters?  When will the free College start? Or is it just a promise.   Please help us understand your decision making process?  Will you require GMO labeling on all US products? Why or why not?  What is the Keeling Curve and how does it affect the Earth in the future?  Will you do anything and everything in your power to reinstate GlassSteagall?  What should be done to a current/past government official who lied to the FBI?  How would you get money out of politics?  Should undocumented students have a chance at college and financial aid?  What is your stance on raises for school teachers?  WILL YOU SUPPORT REINSTATING PAROLE IN FEDERAL PRISON?  What will you do to protect, expand, and modernize the US Postal Service?  Do you have a plan to generate small business in depressed inner cities.  Do you believe in commitment?  Why didn't either candidate say, "Black Lives Matter" at the last debate?  Do undocumented workers take jobs that Americans really want and can fill?  Do you view minorities as those with potential who can think for ourselves?  Should we raise taxes on the poor from 0% to 12%, as Mr. Trump suggests?  Did u know it has been over 4,000 jail deaths in Texas alone from '05 to date?  Should its employees be allowed to sell access to government service?  How would the top 1% feel increased motivation to create jobs for working people  How do you plan to strengthen relationship with states in the U.S.?  Why aren't government official's pay determined by We The People???  Will you restore Diversity and appoint a Protestant once again to the SCOTUS  Did the Cold War end?  Why are we continuing to invade Russia's Cold War allies?  Stance on congressional term limits how make federal elections represent voters?  Would you advocate curriculum in public schools that taught racial tolerance?  If you are not elected, will you seek a Presidential pardon for yourself?  what would you do to make it known that credit unions are an excellent alternati  Would you support an online voting system?  Explain your thoughts on the press's relationship with the president.  Should terms in the Constitution be applied restrictively or expansively?  What does the nuclear arms program and nuclear energy production cost the US?   Do you believe the President should become A political once in office  What would you do as President to help legislate term limits on congress?  Mandate Medicare to provide lifetime coverage for renal transplant patients  Do you support the legalization of polygamy?  What are you going to do if other countries' private citizens start suing us?  Who (if anyone) should the US support in the Syrian conflict?  How would you handle U.S. companies that fire U.S. workers for foreign workers,  Obama was widely expected to unite the country.  Did he succeed?    How should China's influence be curbed in the South China Sea?  A border wall?  Seriously?  Why is our military bombing anti-ISIS forces in Syria to support the Wahabbists?  Do you believe that religious should be upheld, even in cases of discrimination?  How so you plan help citizens displaced by out & In sourcing?   Do you support a federal mandate on staffing for direct care personnel?  What will you do with the EPA?   What qualities should a president embody as a role model to young children?  Do you see a worker-shortage coming as Baby Boomers retire?  What will you do as president to create reform in the federal election process?  Could you explain to the American public how the FOMC sets interests rates?  What experience do you have that makes you think you can lead our country?  how  would you fix obanacare  What are you going to do about those on a Visa that over stays and raise kids.  States mandate too many tests yearly, how can you help minimize this stress?  Have you ever committed a crime?  Would you eliminate the H1B program   Obamacare is failing the working class. How do you plan to address this issue?  Are we in the Great Recession or Greater Depression?  Would you appoint someone to the Supreme Court who would overturn Roe v. Wade?  Do you intend to close tax loopholes that benefit the wealthy?  Can you sever the costly 68-year old umbilical cord that has linked us to Israel  What is your most humbling experience & how will it make you a better President  Is Health Insurance Health care?  Would you submit to a lie detector?  With Obama Care failing, what would you do to ensure people keep their H/C  Should inaction of Congress/Senate be reason to suspend their pay?  Do you think that the mentally ill should be serviced by Police Departments?   How do you propose to fix the myriad of hardships Obama Care is creating?  Presidential integrity  What would you do to provide relief to the drug epidemic?  Would you push for a ban against Direct to Consumer (DTC) ads for medications?  What is your plan to produce peace in Syria and help the displaced?  How can we stop health care insurance companies from mandating care?  How do you bridge the divide between opposing parties and heal the country?  Why are Americans to polarized on issues and what can be done to improve?  What is your plan to eliminate ISIS?  Can the world battle climate change and still have sustainable economies?  Do you understand the Constitutional definition of Birthright Citizenship?  When and how will you stop the flow of undocumented aliens after inauguration?   What can be done to quell corporate involvement in the democratic process?  What have you done to show voters you are running a truthful campaign?  Do you think politicians who decide to allocate $67,000 per refugee should ask..  Should costs associated with illegal aliens be offset by withholding foreign aid  Why should people who do not believe in abortion be forced to pay for abortion?  How can you impact medical research to fight Alzheimer's disease?  Will you follow the Constitution or will you look for find ways to circumvent it  Would you increase the federal minimum wage? Paying americans a living wage.  Are you able to handle top secret information appropriately.  Prove it.  Where do you draw the line between government and personal responsibility?  Who will handle environmental issues? Do you support Obama's exec orders?  What can you do about main stream media giving the public biased information   Taking the income cap away from FICA taxes will generate how much revenue?   Should a President be able to profit from foreign business ties while in office?  How are rioters able to loot and burn our cities in response to media lies?  If you win will it be a pay for play administration?  You've both claimed you do not support the TPP. What do you dislike about it?  Best ways to deal with situational and generational poverty?  Would you appoint someone to the Supreme Court who'd overturn Citizens United?  How would you make states stop discriminating against same sex couples?   How much voter fraud is acceptable to you and how would you prevent it?  How will you protect the American people from abuses of federal power?  what can you do as president , to help bring down the cost of prescription drugs  would you reduce gun free zones that leave citizens helpless against terrorist  How will you reduce government waste and spending?  What have you accomplished in your career that you are most proud of?  Will you both submit to a drug screen immediately after the debate?  How will u make child care affordable for low to middle income families  Why aren't their more female CEOs, Governors, Mayors, Senators, etc?  Is lack of intent a reasonable defense when it comes to crime?  How will you help the 6.8 million American children in extreme poverty?  What would be the focus of your first 100 days in office?  Would you submit to a comprehensive exam at Walter Reed for immediate release?  Is there a double standard in prosecuting politicians & civilians?   What is your plan to bring worker wages back in line with their productivity?  How will you begin to reconcile our nation's $19 trillion debt?  What are your plans to address mental health care for the poor  What are your plans to promote cooperation between yourself and Congress?  Would you put troops on the ground in the Middle East to fight ISIS?  Will you end corp subsidies paid to big oil, agriculture & Pharma?  Fast-forward 10 years. What is the state of Muslim culture/integration in US?  Can you convince the American voter you are ethical/have not been bought off?  How would you increase the number of full-time jobs with benefits?  What can be done to lower college tuition costs?  How do you plan to help the marriage petition bill for the disabled?  Tax filings MUST be  provided to apply for student aid FASFA Why not Pres. cand?  How will you ensure that every student has access to a high-quality education?  Who do you believe owns money deposited in the Social Security Trust fund.  What are your plans to both save Social Security, and to reduce the age limit.  What is your stance on Hydraulic Fracturing?    Are politicians Salaries and Benefits Entitlements?  How will you ensure Americans have access to non-GMO food grown in America?   What policies will you enact to address the overall cost of healthcare?   Would you push for either a single payer or the public option for health care?  How do you plan to work nationally & internationally to address climate change?  Is the United States truly One Nation Under God?  When will we allow current teachers to have a voice in education policy?  Will you prosecute Exxon/Mobil for their lying to the American people?  Will you see that E-verify is adhered to, so that illegals will not get jobs   What direction you will ask Congress to pursue with regards to global warming?  What are your plans for protecting consumers from huge price hikes on medicine?  Do you support enforcement of laws about illegal immigrants on the books now?  Do you believe in term limits for Congress, and disallow ex members to lobby?  Will you create jobs for Americans with disabilities, too?  Do you believe the media has a duty to report factually on American events?  Do you acknowledge that our 14th Amendment is being exploited by illegal aliens?  What is your plan to reduce the $20 trillion deficit that our country faces.  Describe your list of potential Supreme Court nominees.  Will you place any businesses or non-profits you own in a blind trust?  How will you enable long term welfare recipients to start earning a living?  What criteria will you use for Supreme Court nominees and why? 
What would any of you think the passing of "JASTA" affect or expose  americans?  Security Clearances  How will you protect our health and all waters of the USA as a human right?    How will you, as President, support women's rights in America?  Are you the "the decider"?  Can you articulate a vision, & address the concerns of those adversely effected?  Instead of giving amnesty, could we restructure mexico's government and economy   If  the 40K Russian troops newly amassed on the Ukrainian border invade, what?  What will you do as President to help with rising student loan debt?  Would you continue Russian sanctions?  What measures will you take toward ensuring transparency of our government?  Do you believe that there is a gender gap in this country regarding equal wages?  Both Candidates lack in Morals that's clear one is a liar the other a womanizer   What can be done to stop the policy with police on shoot to kill, too many death  What is the first 3 things you would stop that incurred during the Obama admin?  What can you do to get VA benefits claims handled more efficiently & correctly   Would you sign legislation to require candidates and presidents release taxe.  Do You Think the Public Is So Stupid that it Will be deflected by Tactical...  What will you do to cut taxes on small businesses?  How would you address the loss of tech jobs to other countries?  What will you do to your political enemies if you win?  How would charter schools benefit the the poor or under educated children      Do you consider yourself a feminist? Why or why not?   What can you do to get VA benefits claims handled more efficiently & correctly   As President how do you plan to change your image to get everyone together.  How will you put an end to police brutality and racial bias in law enforcement?  Are you the best choice for becoming an exemplary role model for our children?  As a wealthy elite, how you really understand the average Americans problems?  Can a politician have "both a public and a private position"?  Why do either of you think that the others character is more dangerous to us?   Why don't we allow Mexican families who are working and not criminals to stay.  How will life be improved for children after 8 years of your presidency?  The VA healthcare system is broken.  How do you plan to fix it?  Would you support adjusting existing  laws (QSB 1244) to stimulate investment?  As president, what would your first act be, and how would that effect Americans?  If elected, what would you do to eliminate the claim backlog for veterans?   Who are the top 5 trading partners of US? and Borders States?  When will we, as a country, start enforcing all of our laws equally?  What's your view of USAs future in 10 years from now? What's our goals?  What personal attributes do you possess that qualify you for the presidency?  Vice Presidential mismatch of policy  Most Americans believe the 2nd amendment protects them. Will you defend it?  Will you support independent investigation of pending corruption charges?  Are we voting for the lesser of two evils instead of the best to be our leader?  Why would you be less of an embarrassment to our country than your opponent?   How will you ensure that we remain a welcoming nation to those abroad?  What is your biggest goal during your presidency?   What are you going to do about making women safer from abuse?  How would you save guard National secrets  If elected, how should the American people respond if you became corrupt?  What will you to do combat white supremacy?  Would you allow leeway for Hispanics who are law_abiding to stay here?  What will be your policies in suicide prevention and support for those affected   Do you support UN resolution on reparations for slavery?  What will you do to make our military stronger and to assure our vets get help?  Capitalism is over 500 years old, is it time for a new economic system?  Would you encourage bilingual Safety Data Sheets and safety training  How would you prioritize ending the  use of tobacco Vs. gun control?  How important are morals in selecting a President?  Would you support greater funding of home school programs?  Should candidates under federal/state investigation be allowed to run for office  Should elected officials resign when vying for another position?  If elected President what would you change about the current Dept. of Justice?  How would you stop political correctness from destroying American society?  Who was Barry Seal?  How can we improve on letting U.S. Citizens abroad perish.   Will you recognize Crimea as Russia Territory and remove sanctions if elected?  Gold Standard  Will you remain from insulting people you disagree with on twitter?  What would you do to insure America become a nation under God again?  Do you believe BLM has hurt or helped the "cause" of alleged police bias?   what part of bearing false witness do you not understand?  Should those who pay more in taxes be eligible for better benefits?  You are both millionaires. Can average  americans trust that you honestly care?   Should the candidates be using school yard tactics of calling each other names?  Are you in favor of the 3 year statute of limitations on assessment of taxes?  Tell me about a eulogy you have given.  Who?  What did you say?  Should politicians be held to a higher ethical and moral standard?  NDAA, what can be done about it, and do you support the repeal of this onerous l  Is it coincidental that the Tape and Emails were released the same day  What moral credibility do you have to fix sexual abuse issues in military?  How will you protect the children of addicts?  How will you protect ALL THE WATERS OF THE USA as clean water is a human right?  Specifically what are your plans for US military?  Will you support the new overtime law, effective December 1?  How do you define success?  How will you handle concern that autonomous technology will take away many jobs?  Why should I vote for you and not just against the other person ?  Would you mind meeting with the NRA and having a discussion about  gun violence?  Do you feel like you've proven you can be trusted if you're elected President?   What vital US interest is being advanced by the uranium deal?  What's your plan for a $20 trillion debt + $100 trillion in unfunded mandates?   Why shouldn't "We The People" enact an Article V Convening of the States?  Should there be a mandatory "step-down" age for elected & appointed officials?  How would you ensure citizen residing in American territories have equal rights?  What would you do to stop the spread of terrorism, both at home and abroad?  We have a deficit of $19Trillion. Can we use government waste reductions to pay  Do you think Black Lives Matter is a dangerous organization?  What is most important to voters, national issues or trashing your opponent?  As President, how can you assure us your win was a legal and fair voting process  What would you do to educate the American public about intersexed persons?  As an evangelical Christian, why should I vote for you?  What specific programs or agencies would you eliminate to reduce spending?  Should every government official be Held to the same standards of law as it's ci  If elected how you going to keep jobs in American before allowing in/outsourcing  How do we invert politics so that Country is first, party partisanship second?  How would you legislate accountability for the US militarized police forces?  Do you accept accountability for the coarse, degraded tone of this campaign?  Many people believe there is good and evil in everyone. What is your evil?   If you expand the wars, will you reinstitute the draft?  If you could time travel, what advice would you give yourself 18 months ago?  Don't we have other more important issues to debate the Machado incident?  Can you recite the text of the 2nd Amendment?  As a small business service president that has a startup business that needs  How would you address problems in the DOJ.  Why do you think you would be a better president than your opponent?  Do you know the amount of US Discretionary budget spending and  how it is devide  What is going to be done about the astronomical prices of pharmaceutical drugs?  How will you improve education for all students under the IDEA and the ADA?  Do you believe in absolute values and morality? Define/defend your answer.  Do you believe in the constitution and would you let states go by the 10th Amend  Do you think the U.S. Congress are cowards if they don't declare war on ISSI?  Is it better to supply grants for research or rewards for results?  What is your stance on Global Commerce associated w/ BRICS.   How can you ensure all working American will get wages or salary increase?  Do you think the United State of America is a great country?  Will you stand with Israel, the way we did under Ronald Reagan and both Bush's?  If only one thing got done during your presidency what would it be?  What will you do about the trillions spent on the failed war on poverty?  Is the BLM rhetoric partially to blame for increased attacks on law enforcement?  How Much Power Should the US Government Wield?  What Constitutes the Government Prohibiting the Free Exercise of Religion?  What do you plan to do about the failure of Oboma care?  Will you end the corrupt practice of appointing campaign donors as ambassadors?  How high do you think the wall will have to be between the USA and have to be .  How would you end discriminatory greencard allocation for high-skilled workers?  Discriminatory greencard allocation to skilled works based on country of birth  How would your restore trust in our federal government and elected officials?  Will you seek voting rights for US Territory Citizens?  Do you believe that there should be a increase in the military's salary?  If you had $1,000 to save, where would you put this money to work for you?  How would you task the Dept of Education to increase qualified STEM teachers?  Why do we not provide working papers for non US citizens who want to work in USA  Does a person's appearance say something about their value as a person?  Would you request a law that barred or removed adulterers from elected office?  What is your view on gay men having sex?  what is it going to happen to the "dreamers" or DACA college students  If a mother can decide to kill her own unborn child, how to judge other murders?  What is your opinion about two years of national service after high school?  Should politicians or courts determine voting districts?   Increasing min wage helps workers, but what about older folks on fixed incomes?  What will you do about the growing inequality in income and wealth in the USA  Would you repeal the current Tax Code and replace it with The Fair Tax?  Should we be spending money to help Mexico, or build a wall?  have either candidate legally defended a rapist or conspired to silence a rapee  How would you work w/ or w/o Russia to fix the humanitarian crisis in Syria?  How would you encourage greater social mobility among America citizens?  How would you propose peace treaties with any, if not, all other nations?  Why Promise to return manufacturing jobs when automation is eradicating them?   How will you rebalance the playing field between big business and everyone else?  Should free trade and NATO continue as instruments for guaranteeing world peace?  Torture and John Brennan and US Policy  Would you raise federal minimum wage to $25 per hour in your first week ?  What would you do to eliminate the communistic income tax?  What in your opinion are the key environmental issues facing our nation?  Using private servers for e-mails.  What 5 cabinet positions would be most important in your administration?  Do you believe every American should have access to higher education?  Justify going into debt in order to obtain a college degree   Will you end the corrupt relationship between FDA and Big Pharma?   What tax rate do you feel is proper?   Is it on the police training or on the victims to prevent police brutality?  Do you think the United State of America is a great country?  What steps are you going to take to calm raising race tensions?     What is your plan to stop the flow of illegal immigrants into the US?  Which of you support cutting expenses as a way to balance the budget.  How can we address the national debt without tax increases?  SHOULD AND WILL your health plan COVER PLASTIC SURGERY?  Would you consider for your cabinet a candidate from a minority group? Who?  What would your Presidency mean for America in terms of abortion?  How can term limits become law for Congress when they would never vote for it?  Will you get us out of the UN that hates us? made member pay thier share  Arguably the climate is changing as always, give proof that it is manmade  What do you plan to do with the coal industry?  WILL YOU HELP MOBILIZE STATES TO FORCE CONGRESS TO PROPPOSE A BALANCED BUDGET AM  Why do you think there is so mistrust towards The American Government ?  How will you lift up Americans living in poverty and improve there skill set?  Why poverty is not eliminated even when thousands of foundations are trying?  What nations do you consider to be an enemy of the United States of America?  What is your opinion of people who bully/harrass others online?    If you could summarize your political stance into one thought, what would it be?  Can we stay out of each others way?  What should people do who don't want to vot for either candidate?  Is terrorism by Muslim extremists the greatest security threat we face?  What would you do to prevent USA from same refugee problems as Europe has now?  Who or what do think 15 years of wars in 6 countries serves?  Many in congress have served many terms in office. Would you support TERM LIMITS  Is it ever ok to just grab someone's privates without asking?   Do you feel you are a good Christian role model, and why?   What will you do for sick/dying veterans exposed to military burn pits?  If you could say 1 thing to staunch supporters of the opposing candidate, what?  How are you goin to cut the tax loop holes for the wealthy and end Corp. Welfare  Why is unacceptable for bosses to mock, exploit, or manipulate workers?  $2B in Haiti aid after the earthquake  Would you protect a woman's right to choose what to do with her body?  what will you do to decrease racial tensions?  Would you eliminate income taxes for dividends, interest, estate and death Taxes  Would you consider putting all of your financial interests in a blind trust?  Do you support a flat tax? Why or why not?  How will you guide the US-Russian relationship toward a more collaborative one?  Why should we trust you with our economy?  How important is telling the Truth to the American People?   USA Military is the strongest and most powerful Why ISIS is not destroyed  Would you support making 'selling short' on stock transactions illegal?  What will USAID/foreign aid look like under your administration?  Cite one benefit and one drawback for holding a Convention of the States.  How can your admin deal w the reg of state laws that deal w racial profiling?  How come the cost of living hasn't been adjusted properly for ss and disability   How would  you help ex felon get back into society with jobs and housing   What is your plan for healthcare for all Americans?  How will you address the problem of overpopulation?  What will you do to reform our criminal justice system?  As an American, 'we the people' should have free healthcare, America first.   Would you support legislation to open the presidential debates to third parties?  Would you consider eliminating H1B visas?  Will you eliminate the IRS?  Do you support third party candidates participating in the debates?  What will you do to change the endless divisiveness in our country & reunite us?  What would you do to make affordable heathcare work for the self-employed?  What will you do to stop businesses from discriminating against LGBTIQ persons?  How Do You Define Unreasonable Searches and Seizures of Personal E-Information?  If a government official is being questioned by the FBI, shouldn't they be sworn  Where should our foreign ties should be and how can we cut out the personal gain  Shouldn't all candidates release their income taxes?  What legislation would you pursue regarding women's reproductive healthcare?  How will you end voter suppression so that all eligible voters can vote?  How will you eliminate the national debt.  What will you do to get money out of politics?  Do you believe the 1st or 2nd amendment to be more important?  The Tax Code: Name an alteration in conflict with personal self-interest  Should we retaliate against Russia for attempting to influence our election?  Does the president have full power to launch nuclear weapon?  Reasons to use?  WHAT ARE THE CONSEQUENCES OF HAVING A CALL CENTER INTERFERE IN USA ELECTIONS?  Please release your choices and considerations for cabinet members and advisors.  Do cops pull blacks over more due to racism or common sense?  What do you do if China declares a South China Sea Air Def. Identification Zone?  If elected, how will you appeal to those who support for your opponent.  You are both millionaires. Can average  americans trust that you honestly care?   Do you support repealing all infringements on the right to keep and bear arms.  War in Syria: difference in religious ideology or about territorial economics?  Is apologizing for saying vulgar things the same as apologizing for doing it?  You talk about Free college education for all Americans that qualify,   What do the candidates plan to do to improve our education?  What are the Domestic authorities and responsibilities of the POTUS?  How many abortions does 1 woman have a right to?   How important are morals in a commander-in-chief?   What is your plan to address student debt and the rising cost of higher ed?  Do you support the Death Tax, yes or no? IF so why and what percentage?  How do your policies create an environment for job growth?  What will you do to bring God back into the forefront of this Country?    How will you deal with the Palestinian and isrealy conflict?  Is income & wealth inequality the most significant economic problem in America?  If you were to send Troops to Syria would you send your own children to fight?  How will you help guarantee the right to counsel to all Americans?  Do you support the use of Federal tax dollars to increase teacher salary?  How do you know tax breaks in companies will cause growth and not large pockets?  Why are U.S. taxpayers paying for the free Middle East security of Big Oil?  What will you do to implement an annual wealth tax of 1% on fortunes?  What is your plan to end homeless Veterans?  How can I trust either of you?  Could you define the following "throw away" terms commonly used in politics?  Was 09/11/01 a control demolition? Please explain the "office fires" in WTC 7  What plan would you initiate to improve national education on a national level?  What if anything would you do in respect to the banning of steel leg traps, fur   Do you think the United States of America is a great country?  Presidential Executive Orders  Is former KKK member Senator Robert Byrd your hero and mentor?  would you support a woman's right aborting a healthy 8 pound baby in the uterus?  What are the benefits of our continued partnerships with Israel and Saudi Arabia  Will you work to  secure Social Security money, for the citizens who earned it?  should we get out of the middle east and let Russia handle it  Do you put extra rules to control high level government employees   Which taxpayer group is providing the most support for your candidacy?  Describe the process by which an amendment to the Constitution may be repealed.  How will you make it easier to be, and become, an employer in this country?  Would you pass an executive order all Congress is volunteer without pay?  what does the constitution mean to you?  What will you do to fix healthcare and make it work for the middle class?  How will you reform Fair Use to protect derivative works from copyright abuse?  What are your thoughts about banning the use of a mobile phone while driving?  Would a non-progressive taxing system (flat or fair tax) help the middle class  Would you support rank choice voting? Why or why not?  Are you willing to state that access to healthcare is a right of every American?  Why is it legal for anyone to take the 5th in front of a congressional committee  What would be your three top priorities as President in your first year?  How many government funded abortions does each woman have a right to? Unlimited?  Do you believe the President should have high Morals?  State the 3 branches of the U.S. government and define their responsibility  Describe a time when you engaged in an act of compassion.   Will your support Affordable Medicare for All called for by Bernie Sanders?  What will you do to ensure that all Americans have access to health care?  How will you protect the USA from ISIS / ISIL infiltration?  What will you do to support LBBTQ equality?  What are you going to do to get the cost of Health Care .  How would you insure that your administration bases decisions on facts?  What are your plans on fixing the VA?   Would you forgo a third debate and submit to a televised lie detector test?   Will you consider reducing the 15% requirement for 3rd parties candidates?  How will you reform the current two party system into a multi-party system?  What would you do for underemployed disabled adults seeking job training?  What steps would you take to stop all the sexual violence that plagues the U.S.?  What proposed changes are you making to taxes?   Please explain the reason for seeking a sitting President's transcripts?  Do you support the opt-out choice for social security and would you take action   What Will You Do With Other Countries such as NK, China, Or Russia?  What will you do to repel the current overly sensitive culture of "safe spaces"?  Should Citizens United be repealed?  What would you do to equalize education across the nation?  What changes would you propose for taxes for the stock market and the wealthy?  Should Muslim students be allowed to pry at school just like Christian students?  How would you impose a "No Fly Zone" in Syria without creating conflict?  How r u goin 2 bring China 2 justice 4 stealing federal employees personal info?  Y no allied military bases in the US, but 100's of US bases in allied countries?  Would you vote for a candidate whom you deem to be dishonest and untrustworthy?  Will you wage war?  Do you feel all American's should pay their favor share of income taxes?  Why are polticians more concerned getting re-elected than what's best for USA  Do you perceive yourself as TRUSTWORTHY??  DEATH TAX  Is releasing the Clinton foundation donor list equivalent to releasing taxes  What is your position on a switching from a one to a two-year budget cycle?   Are you giving us your Public or Private policy position?  Will you allow US companies to bring money back into US without significant tax?  What is your plan to increase the growth of the economy?  Do you think that 2.13 an hour is an acceptable pay wage? What do you plan to do  What will you do to close tax loopholes that businesses use to avoid paying taxe  How would you decrease wasteful government spending.   Will you honor Christian beliefs and put it back into the schools, government?  What will you do ensure that the world is preserved for future generations?  Do you have a plan to deal with the drug epidemic in many of the US cities?  Do you support a business being able to deduct carry forward Net Operating Losse  How will you encourage companies who produce goods overseas to return to the US?  What are your accomplishments that makes you feel  qualified to be President  Would you step aside and let another take your place as candidate for President?  What sacrifice have you made against your own interest for the greater good?  How did you arrive at  your basic philosophy regarding foreign policy?,   Why publically fund college for irresponsible students who eventually drop out?  How do you reconcile your faith with the necessity of fighting terrorism?  Was 9/11 was a hoax attack similar to the plans of operation Northwoods in 1997?  Capitalism or Collectivism, which philosophy is better for the economy and jobs?  How would your non-senate approved appointments differ from your opponent's?   Will there ever be world peace and if so, how are you going to make it happen?  How would you support fathers having custody over their children?  How would you improve our geopolitical status in East Asia after rejecting TPP?  What are your thoughts on ending political parties?  What will you do toward resolving this atrocious state of affairs?  CINC how do you plan on supporting our troops home & abroad?  Explain how Congress overrides a Presidential veto.  Would you support & actively promote the Fair Tax bill?  What will you do to remove disincentives to economic activity?  Will you implement the draft and war tax for ground forces to fight ISIS?   Would your administration target citizens using IRS,NSA,DOJ, EPA or drones?  Healthcare for Congress and Senate  Will you continue to allow people to live off the government and not put in work  If a wall is built between the US and Mexico, who will profit by building it?  What is your take on US-China relationship and what would you do to improve it?  Would you support allowing a third-party candidate into the final debate?  How do you plan to fix the tax code for self-employed middle america?  Should we require that a candidate make their college records available ?  Would you support updating the constitution?  Under what conditions, if any, would you use Nukes in the Middle East?   In what ways will you support an informed citizenry?  If you were president in 1939 would you turn away MS St. Louis?  What will you do to fight the ongoing African American crime epidemic?  How & when will the American Empire stop invading countries and creating wars?   Lost $6B in contracts at State Dept  Helping the elderly faster can you do that?  If elected, will candidates donate presidential income to charity?  Do you support allowing Jill Stein to participate in the final debate?  How will you to get money out of politics, why should we believe you?  How would you repair struggling relations with Philippines?  Will you end Electronic Voting & restore verifiable paper trail to ALL elections  Is Paying money to other countries more important?  What role do your religious beliefs play in regards to your views on abortion?  How would you make sure the mentally ill actually get they help they need?  Do you believe every American should have access to healthcare?  What will each of you do to stop racial injustice and systemic rascism?  Could you explain the role of your respective foundation?  How will you ensure ex-convicts are not Americans in name only?  What will you do to get our budgetary process back on track?  How would you respond to attempts by states to thwart a woman's right to choose?  Deterioration of InterCities   Will you get rid of the ridiculous time change, and pick one or the other?  Is abortion to a right corollary to "life, liberty, & the pursuit of happiness?"  How can we take Iraq's oil?  What do we do about the obviously un-payable Federal and State governments debt?  Do you have a plan to increase government revenues without increasing taxes?  Name 5 ways you will dramatically cut government interference in the ecnonmy  Do you support a level playing field in the Energy Sector?  What is your plan for dealing with global warming?  I support a sustainable healthcare program for only US citizens.  Do you?  How would you revamp our education?   If the nation were trying to ratify our Constitution today would it be ratified?  Will you support drug testing all adults in a household that receives welfare?   What is your position on school choice?  What specifically will you do to enhance race relations in America?  What will you do to allow discounts in Obamacare for those without jobs?  Why do you want to be president?  Why not allow the top 3 candidates debate instead of only the two major parties?  What will you do to eliminate illegal "robo" calls?  Would you support vocationa career and technical training programs back in high    Why are you running for President and how will you fix the loop hole in taxes?  Are restrictive voter ID laws and reducing early voting a threat to democracy?  Will you to make Congress debate and vote before any further war expansion?  Specific amount of annual income for a family of 4 makes them wealthy?   What is your strategy for American foreign policy when it concerns the Americas?  Do you plan for special visa for people to invest in small business in USA  Are wages above equilibrium wage rate and is that good or bad for the economy?  How do you plan on transferring the nation into  renewable resources?  As a Muslim American will my right of travel be hindered in your administration?  What actions will you take to ensure that parents retain their parental rights?  What are your opponent's three greatest strengths as a candidate?  Do you believe America must be the Police of the World?   Do you believe protest of the national anthem to be healthy for the country?  would you support a law that requires the candidate to release there Tax returns  What would you do to restore peoples' belief in the government as an institution  Will you propose in your first budget the inclusion of the Buffett Rule?  How are you going to get the federal government working again?  Would you support universal Voter ID law?  Do you believe that the Supreme Court was correct in ruling on the Heller case?  How will you fight employment problems created by robotics and globalization?   What have you learned from your past failures?  Is enough being done to encourage women to seek S.T.E.M. related careers?  As President, would you be willing to give up the power to pardon criminals?  What are your core values? Please give us one example that demonstrates this?  What are you going to do to help ALL Americans feel like they are treated equal?  To both Do you have a plan to eliminate ISIS  Will you ensure individual rights as provided in the constitution?  Do you think this election has contributed to a culture of hate?  What will you do to protect "FREE SPEECH"????    Why do you want to be president?  Why not eliminating the Electoral College?  What is your policy on engaging  terrorism?  Does freedom of speech/religion/etc. apply to our home, business, or all we do?  How will you ensure that no schools abuse government funding/loans?  Do you believe that legal and illegal immigrants should be treated equally?  Do you have a plan to begin racial reconciliation in America?  Will both candidates release their income tax returns?     Were recent payments to Iran made in the best interests of the United States?  Why do you want to expand the military budget?   should America let the united nations take over our internet  Does a woman have the right to choose cosmetic or sex selective abortion?  Haiti really hasn't been helped and is still in dire need, how will you help the  What do you say on Stanford student committed rape but only recvd probation?.   Do you consider gun violence a public health crisis?  What will you do to either improve relations with Russia or decrease tensions?  Do you believe that Climate Change is naturally recurring or do humans cause it?  Are there any Executive Orders you would revoke if you are elected President?  Do you believe in white privilege.   What is your position regarding mandatory vaccinations, and the failed VICP,   What areas of an American's personal life should the government not be involve?  Robots might take our jobs, build a cyber wall? Or how should the US prepare?   How do you personally define "integrity"?  Will you support "Term Limits"?  What will be done to shorten the wait time for Immigration of skilled workers?  Do you have a plan to help American workforce possess high-tech skills?  How will sustainable energy implementation/ expansion affect employment numbers?  How will you pay for military expansion?  Would you support laws prohibiting "influence peddling" by the likes of Soros?  What would you do as President to curtail the NEA's awesome power in Washington?  Do you support requiring banks to retain more than 10% of deposits--much more?  Does the first amendment apply to religions antithetical to the US constitution?  How much do you plan to raise taxes?  How would you stop people with White Nationalist views from gaining power in Gov  What are you currently doing to help improve American society?  Will you commit to directing congress to completely rewrite the US tax code?  Would you eliminate the "anchor baby" policy?    What is your vision for NASA and space exploration overall in the next decade?  should we get out of the united nation  Do you really want to be President? How much of your authority will you delegate  Should the # of border deaths be enough to justify stopping illegal immigration?  How do you plan to work with Muslim communities living in the United States?  Both candidates are very wealthy. How will your tax policies affect you?  Are you willing to allow Dreamers to visit their home country & return to US?  Will you - (the Presidential candidate) - protect the Right to Life of babies in  Would you support a "wife beater" database?  Do you believe that terrorists have the same legal rights as US citizens?  Who would you nominate as a Supreme Court Justice?   Do you believe we live in a secular nation?  Would you support reinstating the Fairness Doctrine?   How important is ethics in politics?  How will you work for Social Sec. for women who are not paid equally ?  How can we help public school children with special needs when states won't?  What will you do to stop the war on religion?  Do you support giving states more authority to manage federal lands?  Who would you consider to be the United State's principle geopolitical foe?  How will you reach out to independents disillusioned with the establishment?  Should profiling be used on police since it is advocated for use on Muslims?  Are you going to expand our relationship with Cuba? If so to what level?  What will you do in terms of domestic policy to ensure the safety of my family?   Do Christians need to change their beliefs to accommodate left wing ideology?  How can America, as a whole, trust that you favor the interest of The People?  What is your plan for the graduated college student whos parent had to borrow?  Why do each of you feel that you are the more Trustworthy candidate?   Getting Rich Off Public Office  Outside your career, what do you consider your greatest achievements.?  How do you plan on helping past, present, and future students with student loans  Does the Second Amendment provide constitutional protection to individuals?  Why do you think ordinary Americans think the elites are out of touch?  Would you or would you not end the War on Drugs and why?  What are your opinions on the rights of fathers?  Shariah Law  If elected , what would be your first executive action?  How will you protect U.S. citizens from unnecessary government surveillance?  Do you support downsizing or eliminating of the Department of Education?  What will you do to address damaging partisanship in this country.  Voter Intimidation  How will you ensure the survival of America's representative democracy?   What action will you take to push Congress to pass a Balanced Budget Amendment?  Outside of higher income taxes, how can we fund rebuilding the inner cities?  WILL YOU SUPPORT ENDING THE REGULATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION?  State your tax philosophy from the richest to the poorest in one sentence.  What do you say to the families who cannot afford quality healthcare?  How will you address the epidemic of firearms violence in America? Be specific.  Repatriation of US companies profits maintained off-shore.  Does the Second Amendment provide constitutional protection to individuals?  What do you consider to be the United States' greatest foreign policy failure?  Would you approve of hiring a top executive with no relevant experience ?  What will you do as president to help develop "boys" into committed men again?   your stand on anchor baby program.  Do you think police departments are unfair to minority community  Will you reform regulations to help families that have a disabled child?  Would you support and advocate for teaching financial literacy in public schools  What is your position on TPP and TISA  as it relates to our deficit and jobs.  Will you charge any USA official with treason who has supported Al Nusra Front?  Every human being has a right to life. How will you protect the Holy Innocence   Some people feel poorly represented in government, how can this be addressed?  If you vow to create jobs, will you also vow not to kill the coal industry?   How would you stop the government employees/lobbyist/corporate revolving door?  How will you prevent more shootings in our kids' schools and movie theaters?  What will you do to ease the tension in the U.S. caused by two-party bias?  Can you recite the 2nd Amendment of the United States Constitution?  To protect religious rights will you repeal the so-called Johnson amendment?  As you understand it, what is the job description of the US President?  What will you do to allow more options for third party candidates for president?  You are both proposing tried/failed policies of the past.  What is different?   How will your personal finances be affected if your proposed tax plan is enacted  What is the plan and timetable for removing troops completely from Afghanistan?  What would you do to stop Russia from bombing the civilians and hospitals Syria?  What actions will be taken to limit the IRS control over Americans' economy?    What is your plan to combat modern day slavery?   What are your plans to improve race relations and inclusion in our communities?  Would you push for massive  infrastructure projects in the near future?  Would you redirect US$ spent in global aids to help Americans instead?  Despite Gov. funding students are failing. What is wrong with a voucher system?   What is your stance on the movement to have a Constitutional Convention?  Should we invest in developing & improving public transportation?  What do think Obama biggest failure was?  How will you deal with an increasingly aggressive Russia?  What is your position on the Affordable Care Act? Replace or improve?  How will you mend the gap in Congress's partisanship to craft smart legislation?  What will you do to ensure small businesses are not taken unfair advantages of?  Why is our water being polluted by corporations, big oil, and FLUORIDE?   How and when can we reform the undemocratic delegate system?  What will you do to end useless degree programs that colleges provide?  Will you support pharmacists selling all safe prescription drugs as BTC like OTC  Why is there heated debate regarding semi-automatic weapons?  should immigration benefit the betterment of america   How do you plan on educating the growing underprivileged minority population?    Can you make Syria a secure place for citizens and control refugee issue   How will you focus on economic and political transparency through your term?  Do you support to eliminate speculative trading in the stock market  What actions will be taken to ensure that GMO companies are required to label?  Do you believe abortion represents the devaluation of human life?   Would there be a raise again in the social security income yearly?   Should the Federal Reserve Bank be Reformed?  What will you do about media liabilities for non-factual statements?  What will you do to end the "Pipeline to Prison" in our education system?  do you support the "Convention of States" Project to restore our constitution?  If you're transparent, will you disclosure your health issues and how you feel?   if the American people support pardoning ed Snowden how can you ignore us.   What is your position on the Iran Treaty.  What steps would you take to benefit the Christian community?  Why did your campaign spread lies about independent candidates? Stein & Sanders   Do you think our political system favors the people or the government, and how?  How do you define 'justice?'  What does the Presidential Oath of Office mean to you?  Would you pass a law that only English to be used on everything in America?  How many Syrian refugees will you let in our country.  With GDP the lowest in US history, what policies would you eliminae?  Would you protect Christian rights to religious beliefs to NOT serve to those ag  Which part of your tax plan will impact your own taxes, and by about how much?  How will you lead a nation where the majority of people don't trust you?  What legacy do you hope to leave that will benefit the lives of future citizens?  How will your protect our government, corporations, and citizens from hacking?  What is your national goal for your presidency?   Do you agree with Obama that giving up freedom enhances security?  How do regain the respect of our allies?  When was the last time America was great? What changed to make it not great?  Name a decision by SCOTUS you believe changed USA for the better and why?  Do you think Student Loans should be eligible for bankruptcy filing?  70% of America is dissatisfied w/our country, How are you going to change it?   How will you remove possible conflict of interest with the presidency?  What will you do to protect Americans from violence and drugs at the border?  Are you opposed to balancing the federal budget?  Would you support free birth control options for families on public assistance?   Will you cut FDA regulations to enable faster lifesaving vaccines & medicines  How would you appoint the best people to do the job for you? What process?  In your opinion, what is the number one threat to the safety of U.S. citizens?  Are machine guns and AK 47 are protected under the 2nd. amendment  The military says the debt  is  the biggest threat  to us. Why don't you?   How will you support people with little resources to care for children?  What is your plan to make healthcare more affordable?  How do you plan to make use of our military given the current state of affairs?  How do you plan to become an Industrialized nation again?  Profiting off war should be illegal and punished. What is being done about this?  With a fragile economy is now the time to pursue clean energy over US jobs  What policy shifts, if any, would you support for the new Farm Bill?  If elected how would reduce the overreach of the executive branch of government?  What is your stance on the black lives movement and solutions to years of murder  What are your plans to stop the offshoring of technical jobs that use computers?  Is there a plan to cut spending on government contract products and services?  The 2-party system is broken. How do you align with the views of independents?  T or F: inequality of wealth and income have reached dangerous levels. Explain.  When you leave office, assuming you win the Presidency, what will the debt be?  What policy would you enact to ensure Americans are hired before foreigners?  Should 3rd party candidates be allowed to participate in presidential debates?  Can we trust you to  promote peace not war with Russia and China.  How can we protect this country from propaganda being spread on the web?  What will you do to ensure our elections are free and FAIR?   Should the moderators have to divulge which candidate they support?  do you believe the electorial college process is still needed? Why or why not?  Please tell us your thoughts regarding coal mining & mountaintop removal.  How will you restore the people's faith in the justice system?   What will you do for the middle class in reference to affordable college?   Why are we still adding dangerous chemicals like Fluoride to our water?  Equal rights for Americans who do not participate in an organized religions?  Should we be compensating victims of terrorist incidents in the US?  How do you plan to deal with government employees leaving to work in lobbying?  Is it wrong to use profiling to prevent crime sprees or terrorist attacks?  Would you actively seek to end minting of the 1 cent penny as legal tender?  To both please explain the difference between legal and illegal immigration  How will you defend women's rights welcoming migrants who don't support them.  What is your plan to help the infrastructure of the USA and keeping our allies?  What are your thoughts on homeschooling?   How about a national sales tax?  Would you limit the number of Welfare babies a woman can add to the system?  What specifically would you do to improve our inner cities?  If elected, would you place all of your private interests into a blind trust?  Voting and gun ownership are both rights, why is one being suppressed  Do you support abortion reform to better protect the unborn?  Is it possible to only have a dollar you make taxed ONCE?  Isn't making marijuana illegal like saying God made a mistake?   What is your plan to enforce existing, stringent gun control regulations?  When we defeat IS, how will you address root causes to stop it from coming back?  Do you consider Russia to be an allie of the US? Why or why not?  Will the debt be greater or less than $20 trillion after you leave office?  Specifically, what steps will you take to close the gender wage gap in the US?  Should all elected officials be held to the same sexual harassment standards.  What will you do to prevent the eminent coming financial crisis?  How do you justify charging a tax rate of over 25%  Would you support a return to the Gold Standard?  How will you stop the large exodus of companies from the US and create good jobs  What was so great about America before that it needs to be that way again?   How do you propose to keep acts of cyber-warfare from escalating to larger wars?  Drivers Texting & driving kill people, will you try to pass a law against it?  What, specifically, will you put in trade agreements?  Do you fell interrupting another candidate constantly is a fair way to debate?  By year 2020, what will be your most notable contribution as President?  As President how would you connect to the voters who voted against you?  What is your stance on the Sokovia Accords?  What actions will be taken to combat the blatant dishonesty by media sources?  Do you support turning the Hyde Amendment into a permanent law?  What is the formula for determining one's "fair share"?  Would you commit to hiring only key staff who have worked in the public sector?  Should all Americans provide valid governmenID to be able to vote? If not, why.   Would you favor Sharia Law Courts in America?  Do you feel the Electoral College is a fair and just way to elect the POTUS?  How will you to create millions of new jobs while converting to clean energy?   Do dreamers and other illegal aliens deserve jobs more than U.S. citizens?  Should office holders be barred from soliciting monies for their foundations?  How will your tax plan affect tax policies for the wealthy?  Should someone who lied about being under sniper fire be commander in chief?  Should the unemployment rate formula include people who want full time work?  Why increase the tax burden on those who build businesses and create jobs?      What is your opinion on "Anchor Babies"?  Are unsecured private servers a danger to national security and those involved i    are you for a flat tax eliminate all deductions  The BLM is against Wild Horses  Are you for allowing people into America whose countries kill LGBTs?  Over the last 5 years, what is the largest source of your personal income?  Will you continue allowing Police Brutality and Martial Law destroy our freedoms  Will you take a vow to not have people from Wall Street in your cabinet?  What will Government do to cut spending on wasteful federal contracts?  What substantive economic reform will you promote to achieve broader prosperity?  How would you prevent further cyber hacks from exposing America's secrets  Where did all the good jobs go?  What do we do to counter 22.6669% monetary expansion by the Fed for 103 years?  Will your tax plan increase or decrease taxes for middle class compared to now?  How did America benefit from selling 20% of the US Uranium stock to Russia  What are your specific plans to deal with the Veterans Administration.  How do you see the US' role in global politics changing in the next 30 years?   What are you going to do to get Americans back to work?  Name two judges you would consider appointing to the Supreme Court.   What can be done when the president does not represent the will of the people?  How would you prevent the rising tide of Russian influence across West Asia?  Would you commit more to renewables and end all fossil fuel 80subsidies by 2025?  Will you stop the govt from using private orgs from placing forced immigrants?  Have you ever apologized to an individual person?  Federal employees take drug tests, shouldn't our elected officials? If not, why?  If you were under IRS audit, would you release the IRS form declaring so?  How will you support humanitarian efforts at home and abroad?  If elected, will you pardon Obama or anybody else who served his administration?  Jailed citizen's families are broken up; why special treatment for illegals   Can you name the first 10 amendments?  Do you yourself pay women less than you pay your male employees?   Why should we trust you?  How do you plan to meet future energy needs?  For those benefiting from Obamacare, what changes should we expect?  If an inmate completes their sentence why are they not afforded all their rights  What separates a legitimate charity from a vehicle of tax evasion  How will you protect classified information from being leaked?  Is there a proposition to raise the salary of teachers in the K12 field?  Will you assure us Cold War veterans that we will receive equal care at the V.A.  What will you do about the Prison Industrial complex?  Banks are still engaged in shady financial transactions what is your answer  Will you take a hard look at cutting frivolous government grants and programs?  What specific plans do you have to protect US intellectual property from China?  What will you do to protect our Social Security?  What plans do you have specifically  help the middle class and lower to improve?  How will you stop the genocide of the Palestinian people?  How do you view the relationship between immigration and jobs in America?  Will reducing business taxes and regulations help stimulate job creation?    What is the plan to increase wages across the board and keep jobs in America?  Has the Executive branch seized authority not granted to it in the Constution?   What are your goals for LGBTQIA access to equitable housing, jobs, healthcare?  What measures will you take to investigate the corrupt VA Fiduciary System?  Why aren't military pay raises keeping up with federal and civilian pay?  Other than your own family members, name three women you admire and explain why.  How will you promote & incentivize alt energy production to average citizens?   Is there any plans to privatize social security and reduce it?  Do you believe that the state or parents should have control over a child's ed?  Why should we trust you?  Should the Secretary of State have fought Russia gaining control of US uranium?  Politicians push terror to gain support for laws & tax money, what about cancer?  How much money has gone to the people of Haiti since the 2010 earthquake>  What is your stance on anchor babies?   How do you plan to address the overspending of the Military Industrial Complex?  How will you support protection of Freedom and Free Exercise of Religion?  Do citizens of a country have a right, a privilege, or a duty to pay taxes?   At what point does the Declaration's "right to life" apply to an individual?  Have you ever neglected national security for your own interests?  Do you support ending all tax payer funding of abortions?    As President, how will you address the issues of suicide and mental health?   How would you make healthcare affordable for everyone?  Will you help rape culture dimish immensely in the United States?   What will you do to stop the gun violence?  If elected how will you unite a deeply divided nation?  Would you form a US Govt panel of scientist to study man made Global warming?  How will you address the failing infrastructure, bridges and hi-ways of nation  You have stated that you don't believe that an unborn living fetus has rights.  Does increasing the minimum wage reduce the number of entry level jobs?  Do you feel working across the aisle is important (and how will you do it)?  Is education meant to prepare students to be contributing adults?  What would you propose to curb the threat of global cooling?  Will you legalize hemp and hemp farming?  How specifically would you address the military & humanitarian crises in Syria?  Would you support laws prohibiting the media from supporting government official  How will you protect the LGBT community from Muslim immigrants?  What will you do to improve services provided by the VA?  Will you abolish gov pensions and put all officials and employees into Soc Sec?  Do you think it's fair for illegals to collect but not pay into the system?  How would you help those who are overwhelmed with student loans?   What is your position on Veterans Health Care and benefits?  Would you support a bill that provides for the public financing of elections?  When you speak of the Middle Class, what income bracket correlates to them?  How do we fix the jobs issues in this country?  How would you crack down on animal abuse?  How do you balance the right to privacy with modern digital surveillance?  How can the US gov't prevent terror at home after it's failed time and again?  How will you help out struggling millenials to find jobs?  Should political donors be prevented from gaining favors, jobs, gov contracts?  Job security for ALL Americans, especially 55 and older!  How would you improve America's voting system? Should Voting day be a holiday?  What will you do as president to stop outsourcing of jobs to India,china,mexico   Will either of you be willing to invest in American tech? Solar, Wind, and Water  Would you support a Constitutional change for a recall process for Congressmen  Climate change and subsequent upheaval will increase mass migrations worldwide.   Should candidates be required to disclose their taxes to run for President?  Should a government official be above the "Rule of Law?"  Should all Presidential candidates be required to tell the truth?  How can we trust you will do a good job in protecting our forces?   At what income level is someone "Rich"?  How will your tax policy impact them?  Why are you more qualified than your opponent to address cybersecurity threats?  How will you handle the tensions in Russia and the Middle East?  What policies will you ensure to make assault and murder, by police, punishable?  Do you believe that it is morally wrong to Lie, Deceive, or Purposely Mislead?   What is your plan for fighting ISIS and other jihadist extremists?  What will you do to UNITE all AMERICANS again, regardless of race?  Do you support the selling of our uranium reserves to Russia?  What would you do to repatriate American jobs lost to countries like India?   How would you prevent the destruction of classified information?  You're both wealthy, how did you make all your money?   Would you stop government agencies e.g. the IRS targeting political opponents?   What is your plan to bridge the racial divides that are tearing at our country?  How do you propose to cut wasteful federal spending?  What will you do to protect the US and the world from climate change?  How do you see the limits set by the Constitution for the office of President?  How do you plan to pay for your tax cuts and/or increase in spending?   How are you going to keep sharia law from getting a foothold in America as it ha  Do either of you owe any allegiance to any foreign government?  If elected, would you repeal Obamacare?   What will you do to protect American jobs from foreign countries and immigrants?  Do you agree with the closing of guantanamo bay?  Do you support a negative income tax to replace most welfare services?  What percentage of the wealthy's income do you consider to be their "fair share"  What does integrity mean to you.  Do you feel a President should be accountable to the voters or to donors?  What will you do for animals in the U.S.A.?  Please complete the following statement:    Would you support making churches pay taxes?  Will you switch the U.S.  to total renewable energy with in the next five years?  Why advocate "Trickle Down" tax breaks that have never worked?  How would you stop price gouging for medical surgery and services?  Would you support...  How will you prioritize education, infrastructure, and social change needs?  Why are businesses allowed to hire illegals if a citizen is better qualified?  What is your position on a National Flat or Consumption (i.e FairTax) tax plan?  If the Supreme court subpoena'd you multiple times. Would you just ignore it?  Please describe you tax plan in detail, explaining how it will help our economy.  Do you believe climate change is a hoax ?  What will you do to improve legal employment based immigration system?   What would you do to ensure that the wealthiest Americans do not evade taxes?  T or F?  Islam is a political ideology seeking to rule the world & enslave women  What steps would you take to improve education in the United States?  Exactly how do you expect to protect Social Security?   Tax breaks for the rich  What will you do to eliminate the widespread corruption in Washington?  What will you do to help with the unemployment problem for people over 50?  Do you believe Congress and not the President should make US immigration policy?  What is the first action you will take when you enter office?  How can we make America number one in education?  What exactly is your tax plan for the middle class and how will it help?  Do you agree with most climate scientists that chlimate change is man-made?  What is your stance on "boots on ground" to engage ISIS?  Who should we have build the wall? Veterans that need work, or lprisoners?  How will you prevent future pay-to-play politics, and increase transparency.  How will you strengthen our Cyber Defense against other countries?  Will you prioritizes Veteran & Senior Citizens support over non citizen support?  How can you better the immigration process in comparison to the polices now?   Nullification  When jobs are being eliminated by automation, why do we take accept immigrants?  How will you put America First when it comes to foreign policy?  What should be done with Russia in terms of Ukraine, Syria and cyber attacks?  Would you be willing to take a drug test (hair follicle) before taking the oath?  What will you do about Mainstream Media Bias, lies and half truths?  If president, would you sell guns and ammo to militants and terrorist abroad.   Shouldn't Sen. and Rep. have the same Health Insurance as their constituents?  Do you support training our military on the Constitution they swear on oath to?  Radical Islam is rising in the world what are your plans to combat it?  How will you help families affected by autism?  Do you support drug testing for welfare recipients?  Would you consider replacing income tax with a national sales tax?  Will you eliminate the use of private emails by government workers?  Will you give Christian refugees priority over Muslim refugees?  Why do you think a third party candidate is not invited to debate?  Do you support getting big money out of politics and restoring democracy?  Reflecting on the Benghazi tragedy, how should it have been handled differently?  How would your presidency be different and change people's distrust in govt?  What would you do to unite Americans?  Will you legalize Medicinal CBD oil made from cannabis? If so, explain how   do you believe US should put it's citizens and vets first before illegals?  How do you propose to lower the debt without raising taxes?  When will the government STOP BORROWING FROM THE SOCIAL SECURITY FUND?  Would you call for a federal investigation of the out of state rioters?  What, specifically, will you do to end corporate tax evasion loopholes?  What percentage of Americans do you believe are "deplorable" and why?  When will we stop the criminal invasion unto our borders of illegal immigrants?  How will you address use of deadly force by law enforcement problems ?  Would citizens benefit from term limits for bureaucrats or political appointees?  What is your stance on encryption?  As a retiree, as President, what would you do to improve my quality of life?   What will you do about the corruption existing within the pharamacutical co?  What are your thoughts on Social Security and Medicare/Medicad?   Are you for or against energy independence?  How will you help urban and suburban middle class voters find jobs?  What do you think should happen to someone who destroys records under supoena?   What will you do as President to realistically lower immigration levels?  What do you think are the three most troubled spots in the world today? Why?  What will you do to assure employers do not discriminate against older workers?  How would you reform the problems with CPS and the foster care system?  Do you believe the tax code helps or hinders individual achievement?  How will you limit the encroachment of religion into legislation?  Do you support immigration of refugees from terrorist nations?  How will you improve STEM education for low income/female/of color students?  Why should our government be trusted to solve complex problems?  How will you work to decrease the cost of American healthcare?  Do you believe that liberal immigration policies have helped Germany and France?  Do you believe our country needs new, tougher gun laws to reduce gun violence.  What does "Being an American" mean to you?  Do you accept  the findings of climate science?  How do your policies address deadweight loss in the US economy?  Should illegal immigrants be allowed to vote?  What specific steps would you take to support open access to research?  What will you do to end the war on drugs?  How will you ensure taxpayers NEVER have to pay for abortion?  What will you do in the first 100 days of your presidency, about immigration?  How will you ensure the enforcement of the Endangered Species Act?  Where do you stand on limiting  PAC donations?  Do you support the abolition of the Federal Reserve System?  How will you ensure low income women have access to reproductive health care?  Why we spent over $150 billions on Illegal Immigrants and mistreated our own?  How should our current immigration policies be adjusted, if at all?  How will you address the growing security concerns posed by Russia and China?  What action/s would you take to ensure only US citizens vote in US  elections?  Why aren't elected officials accountable for crimes citizens go to jail for?  Do you agree with Speaker Paul Ryan's agenda to privatize Social Security?  What will you do to prevent the unjust killing of endangered gorillas?  When will congress repay to Social Security the $2.7 trillion dollars owed to SS  Who is your first obligation to as President of the United States.   How are you going to improve life for Seniors and Vets?  do you support the use of for-profit detention centers for immig detainees?  How would you stop the Dakota Pipeline and expand Obama's Climate Action Plan?  What are your thoughts on excessive regulations that hurt our economy?  HOW will you handle/resolve stalled confirmations of judicial nominees?   How can you be a Commander in-Chief if you didn't pay taxes to support troops?  Will you hold the government to the same legal standards citizens must follow?  Would you repeal "Alternative Minimum Tax"?  Do you stand for or against electronic voting on election day and why?  Our country is ruled by the rich. How will you give power back to the people?  Would an border wall similar to Israel's be an effective domestic precaution?  Do you support our "War on Drugs" and is there anything that you would change?  What is your plan to revitalize the VA?  Can you describe the process to amend the Constitution?  What would you do to get our prison numbers down and inmates back on track?  Would you be in favor of reinstating the   Glass-Steagall Act? If not why?  What do you think the primary job of the President of the United States is?  Will you hold the DEA responsible for the victims of THE(IR) war on drugs?  Will you consider controlling the prices of lifesaving drugs such as Epipen?  What would you do to address sexual harassment/assault within the military?  Why has there never been dental care added to Social Security and Medicare?  What is the greatest contributor to racial tension/discrimination in the US?  Will you reverse President Obama's Executive Orders?  What will you do about corruption within pharmaceutical companies?  Do you consider sharia law unconstitutional?  How are we supposed to trust you given your questionable ethics.  Contrast Nixon's 18 Minute deletion and Government employees deleting records.  how would you help to reduce violence against women in this country?  What are your plans to support environmentally friendly agriculture.   Should members of Congress be able to exempt themseles from laws they pass?   Do you support mandatory E-Verify for all hires, with strict penalties?  Do you support raising the federal minimum wage? Why or why not?  What will you do to stop wasteful spending by our government?    Why should 40% of Americans pay no income tax?  What is their "fare share"?  How do you propose to grow the middle class job market?  Would you support making dental and vision care part of basic health coverage?  why are 15 million illegal immigrants still in America   Powers not granted to Fed Gov, belong to the people and/or states- do you agree?  Do you support public financing elections and overturning citizens united?  Can you prove that you pay your fair share of income taxes?  How would you react to someone sexually assaulting your daughter?  What would you do empower girls and  women in the US and curtail misogyny?  What are the most corrupt areas of our government and what will you do about it?  Will you support animal rights protection in factory farming?  What is your specific plan to address suicide among Veterans?  "Do you believe our country needs new, tougher gun laws to reduce violence?  What steps would you take to reverse maternal mortality in this country?  What proposals do you support to reign in the influence of money in politics?  What is your plan to reduce greenhouse gases emissions?  How will you address the issue of 11 million undocumented immigrants?  How do you fix a crooked system where politicians are not focused on the PEOPLE?  Why is 'Voting Day' not a national holiday?  Give people the time to vote!  What would you do about companies engaged in illegal hiring practices?  What will you do to lower legal immigration that takes jobs (e.g., H1B visas)?  Should doctors be asked to give medically inaccurate information about abortion?  Should we use the same laws that Mexico does, on illegals entering the U.S.?  Globalism, why do you support it or oppose it and why?  Big companies often demand tax credits and pay little tax. How would you fix it?  Should a candidate's paid speech transcripts be a part of public record?  How can we afford to take in thousands of refugees from and support them?  How will you support a free and open internet?   Social Security is not an entitlement or a handout, how are you going to save it 
Saudi Arabia helped plan and finance the attack on 9/11/2001.  How do you plan to avoid hipper-inflation if you leave free trade agreements?  Would you resign after 2 months if you didn't do what you promised ?   How do parents teach children values when you are rewarded for breaking rules ?  Homeowner Associations are rampantly growing in the US  Can you give some successful examples of military interventionism?  Will your Presidential administration be one of secrecy or transparency?  Do you support a national concealed carry law?  Why or why not?  Do you believe industries can self-regulate?  What will you do to end the exploitation of foreign workers by U.S. companies?  How will you close the tax loophole which allows the deduction of $19B of OPM?  Do you support modernizing our nuclear weapons?  Why not use taxes from recreational Cannabis to fund education and healthcare?   Please choose from our founding Father's, your favorite. And, tell us why?  North Korea is one of the largest threats to the US and the world.  Will you close the tax loopholes that benefit real estate developers?  How will you as President make a sustainable yet effective education system?  Aplication of the 16th Amendment  Should a president have public/private positions or honesty with the people?  How will you ensure women receive comparable pay for comparable work?  How will your tax plans help avoid an economic disaster similar to Kansas;?  How old is the earth?  How will you respond to China's position on the EEZ in the South China Sea?   Discuss science in your positions on climate, health care and energy policy.  Do you support civil asset forfeiture?  What's your stance on Right to Privacy vs. National Security, and Snowden?  What will you do to rein in a military industrial complex run amok.  How would you support term limits on judges and politicians?   What will you do to ensure neutrality and insectionality in public school texts  What impact would raising wages have on the number of jobs sent overseas?  How will you address the issue of quality medical insurance and affordable meds?  Did disarming citizens contribute to 20th century democide (government murder)?  What would you do to improve math and science proficiency in education?  Should the two-party system be changed in order to represent more Americans?  How do you think we should handle the fast approaching population crisis?  Tell me how you would live on $7.25 and hour with a family of 2?  Do you plan to eliminate poverty ~ the root cause of crime and terrorism?  What will you do to expose the entities trying to create racial strife and riots  N. Korea has become a nuclear threat. How will you successfully disarm them?  What will the national debt be at the end of your four-year term?  How do you plan to get your agenda through the house and senate?  How would you deal with Russian aggression, particularly Syria and the Ukraine?  How do you propose to get America back to work again?  Do you believe unjust governments should be overthrown by the people?  How much should we spend on our military?  What do you say to those who are scared of you winning the presidency?  High immigration, raises housing costs and lowers wages.  Would you support lowering educational costs for college students?  Would you support giving women a $.33% raise in social security?  What actions will you take to help bring peace between Israel and Palestine?  How do plan to stop people who we cannot accurately vet from coming to the US?  How will you fix America's failing education system?  What is your stance on voters' rights?  How would you restructure the tax system so that all income brackets paid their   What is a key and specific plank from your economic policy?   Will you establish  a quota for yearly immigration?  If you are elected president how will you support religious freedom?  What is your definition of racism?  Have you ever lied to the American people or their duly elected representatives?  Am I stupid for paying taxes?  Do you support privatization for soc.security savings if desired?  Why is religion under attack in America?   Do you support complete tax law reform more specifically a Fair Tax?  Can social security disability be reformed?  How will you help disabled people?  Do you support shrinking the size of the U.S. government?  What will you do to repeal patriot act, overturn citizens united & end war?  Would you index to inflation tax-exempt SS benefits?  How would you deal with the IRS targeting any special interest group?  Should the big Banks now be broken up?  Will you consider making the Senators put in a 5 day week instead of 3 days only  Why do illegal immigrants have more rights than legal visa workers?  Do you believe climate change is an existential threat to the human population?  How will you attract companies who have left the country to come back to the US?  How do you intend to fix the broken immigration system?  What do you propose to do to those in government that are above the law? 
Do you believe that the Fed Reserve target of 2% inflation is fair to retirees?  What ties to organized crime have you held in the past or now?  Do you think the level of discourse in our country and media could be elevated?  How is it legal 4 government or potus to decide  how much sugar ppl should have?  What is your position on tort reform to lower the cost of health care ?  How you as president would link the people that now are divided?  Should we restrict voting rights?  What do you do in the first 60 minutes of your day?  What will you do to restore the trust of American voters in our elections?  Talk about monetary vs. fiscal policy and your major fiscal policy goals.  How will you support women's rights?  What advice would you give a poor high school student with decent grades?  Which current leader do you admire and respect, and explain why.  Can you say what HTTP stands for?   Why do you want to be the president of the United States of America?  How can we help the Syrian people?  What dramatic changes will you make to decrease global warming?  Do you favor eliminating all individual  tax deductions for high income earners?  What is your feeling on gender identity and right to choose?  What would you do to raise the minimum wage?  Why has Frank Fahrenkopf decided who debates for the past 30 years?  What will your administration do to support & honor career & tech students?  How will you make college affordable for all Americans?  How does banning the most common rifle in the country make any sense?  What changes would you support be made to our electoral system?  Should citizens be able to buy and own automatic and semi-automatic weapons?   What will you do to work with the states to allow open and fair election process  What are you going to do about Social Security and the real cost of living  
either of you ever consider the skills of the other to serve in your admin?  Would you be willing to debate your opponent's VP candidate for the last debate?  Do you think the rule should be changed to allow a president to serve 3 terms?    When we vote all minorities lose, by definition. Is there a better way?  Can we stop talking about who has the worst character and focus on the public?  Do you think that African Americans should be given the same respect as European  What is your alternative of Iran nuclear deal failure?  Will you push universal computer/tech training to reduce the digital divide?  As Commander in Chief, how do you ensure the troops can have confidence in you?  What is your policy on legealization .  What will you do about small town cops harassing the community.   Why are all candidates on the ballot not invited to the debates?  What would you do to tackle the police brutality problem in America?  What sort of a person would you hire in the following situation?  What is your position on promotion and relegation is U.S. soccer?  What will you do to reform campaign finance laws?  Tara  if elected, how do you think you can cross congressional party lines?  as the wife of a former and mother of a current military officer, what makes you  What are three ways to improve our response to deadly global disease outbreaks?  What is your stance on White Genocide?   Can we save #SocialSecurity with treasury accounts?  What is the current screening process for admitting Syrian refugees to the US?  What will you do to downsize gov't & reduce gov't spending to unburden US ctzns?  would both candidates be willing to have complete physicals at Walter Reed?   Would you view a temporary ban on Muslims from entering the US as ethical?  How will you positively contribute to the world (overall) as potus?   Do you know how much an E5 gets paid and what will you do to raise it?    What would you do to support labor unions and the laws for them to organize?  What attributes to you possess to lead this country?  will free public university create a nation of educated and unemployed?   How will a candidate's temperament affect their presidency? e.g. trade, trust  Do your support the Citizens United Decision? Ever donated to Citizens United?  Will you call the Congress into emergency session and stop their vacations?  Do you support a gross receipts tax on corporations with revenue over $100 mil?  Will you create policy based on generally accepted knowledge and  opinion?  How Will U Strengthen Our Border w/out Building a Wall w/out having Open Borders  Would either candidate support ranked voting to end the "spoiler effect?"  What  will you do to prevent the internet-enabled exploitation of children?  How will you remove the 'one minority is sufficient' quota system on jobs?  Do you believe that you have raised the presidential nominee bar?  Why do we have such polarized political parties?  Do you believe that Marbury v. Madison still is good law?  What would you do as President to prevent another incident like Benghazi?  You say you will create jobs. Explain how your plan will make jobs in 2019.  How can either of you by the end of your term get rid of money in politics?  Who do you think the Libertarian candidate will take the most votes from?  Is a return to spheres of influence possible for stability in world politics?  In what ways will you respond to your opponent's campaign if elected?  Why do employees who are discriminated against not receive "make whole" relief?  Will you allow DoD to conduct another round of BRAC and keep Congress out of it  How will you either expand, or restrict the 2nd Amendment as it stands.  What will you change to give Americans freedom of choice in healthcare options?  What are your plans to reform the prison system?  What, specifically,  would you do to  heal our country and make us one America ?  Why do military personnel have only a short time with a baby before deployment?  Why did neither candidate serve in Vietnam?  government employees are held to high standards why aren't leaders?  Both parties are embarrassing, who would you replace yourself with, and why?  What will you do to Russia with respect to bombing of civilians in Syria?  Why is there always Saber Rattling at Election time?  What gun law could have stopped the VA Tech & Sandy Hook massacre, et. al    VOTED  Why should parents trust you to protect their kids online?  How to assist victims/help prevent/deal with perpetrators of sexual assault?  What steps will you take to improve our prisons?  How can we change our education so that we can learn our work related career?  Should We Be Having Kids In The Age Of Climate Change?  What will you do to empower and support small, growing businesses.   Do you think the White House is working with DOJ on state dept email scandals?  How to govern when  most Americans will vote AGAINST your opponent, not FOR you?  Will you support ending regulation without representation?   Can you explain the nature of nuclear deterrence and how you intend to use it?  How would your administration help the millions of Syrians caught in a war zone?  How will you remove the 'one minority is sufficient' quota system on jobs?  Government concerns   How would you handle the Nagorno Karabakh situation?  Are you committed to modernizing the nuclear force and to the nuclear triad?  How will you keep gas prices low and continue to have the prices lowered?    How will your personality traits contribute to your effectiveness as a President  Describe your position on the use of nuclear weapons.  What are 3-5 qualities effective leaders should have?  If you could not be an American, what nationality would you choose?  If Obama had been born in Kenya, would he have been eligible to be President?  What will you do about Russia's presence in Ukraine and threat to Baltic States?  Can you imagine a way to stimulate the economy without spending any money?  Will you support Palestinian Statehood and security, like we did for Japan?  Do you consider Internal Revenue Code 104(a)2 a tax loophole to benefit employer  Your campaign slogans  Why should I be proud to be an American?   Would you rather win the lottery or live twice as long?  If you ask for our trust, will you give us your trust?  Do you believe the Second Amendment protects a collective or individual right.  What are you seeking in a cabinet appointee to address economic concerns/jobs?  What will you do to reign in insurance companies who are taking advantage of us?  Supreme Court Justices and their recent opinions.  Why are we not protecting lives of innocent children dying in Aleppo?  As president, how will you professionalize and demilitarize US police forces  What is the proper balance between free speech and protection?  How did you personally respond to 9/11?  Do you believe a person should not take legal tax deductions?  I believe a lot of issues would be solved if we could learn "right from wrong" .  The Iraq war was illegal by international standards,explain why you supported it  If education is so important why is Gifted Education not given funding?  Please explain the balancing act.  What would be your top three strategic priorities and how would you achieve them  What changes would you make to our branches of government? List for each branch.  You have heard from your critics  What will you do to prevent the Internet-enabled sexual exploitation of children  How does a President "Create Jobs"?  Why should college debt be forgiven to current/recent students?  How would you handle a major natural, environmental, or public health crisis?  How do you plan to address the discrimination of blacks by law enforcement?  If you can, please explain how a bill becomes a low.   Will you prosecute one who illegally transmits class. data on unauth'd IS?   Which specific experiences have prepared you to work in government?  Would you support a minimum 20 year service for Congress to receive a pension?  How do your personal relationships prepare you to be president?  What are characteristics of a strong cabinet member?  It has been proven cannibas has medicinal use -will you deschedule it?  How will you hold State judges accountable for furthering environmental crimes?  What will you do to hold police responsible for killing of unarmed citzens?  How would you improve the housing options for individuals with disabilities?  Does the right to an abortion take precedence over or dictate religious freedom?  What will you do to accelerate innovation?  Support federal legislation for body cameras and stun guns for law enforcement?   What is your policy regarding the storage of nuclear waste in Yucca Mountain  Why should I believe that you can make prompt decisions to protect military forc  What is your future plan to deal Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae?  Should all teachers be able to teach kids with dyslexia and dysgraphia and o  Will you swear to uphold the Constitution and rescind all executive orders that   Will you be able to calmly and professionally maintain our foreign relations?  What is your plan to reduce the national debt and Government waste????  Please tell voters one thing you admire about your opponent.  What will you do to eliminate the racial inequality in US?  What will you do to facilitate funding the government's budget on time?  Will you make foreign policy primarily through the Cabinet or the NSC?  When you make a mistake, how do you proceed?  Do you believe "religious freedom" laws discriminate against LGBT people?  What would you do as President to make America safe  How will the federal government support victims of domestic violence?  As President how would you modernize our military?  How will you enforce existing laws to prevent the online exploitation of childre  Are you in favor changing the tax code so income taxes are across the board  How do feel about supporting terrorism through US oil imports?  What will you do to protect humanitarian aid workers in Syria?  If a corporation faces an increased tax bill, how do they raise the funds?  Accountability in warmaking  Will you fire yourself if you cannot achieve the top 5 promises in 2 yrs?  What are your ideas and proposals regarding women being eligible for the draft?  Is taxation theft?  What will you do to end government corruption?  By what year will you commit to submitting a balanced budget to Congress?  Do you consider your marriage a partnership of equals?  What would do to stop Russian aggression in Syria and protect refugees?  What is more important, a balanced budget or increased infrastructure spending?    VOTED  What will you do to prevent the internet-enabled exploitation of childr  Best interest of the child is not being met in family court. Children suffer.  Do you believe the Constitution is a living or enduring document? Why or Why not  What are your plans to boost Public and Private investment in R & D?  At what point will the War on Terror be won and what should change to get there?  Why don't politicians appeal to our sense of common good any longer?  What changes will you make so companies, like Pfizer, want to stay in the US?  On the topic of evolution vs. creationism in schools.  What 5 key elements would you like to see included in the TPP trade agreement?  How should we reconcile the cost of early childcare with pay for carers?  Our military is falling crumbling.  What will you do to strengthen it.   What branch of government has the final say as to what the Constitution means?  Gang Violence  When is a human life a human life?  When should it live and when should it die?  What single policy should your campaign be known for?  Integrity matters, how do you define integrity and how do you live it?  Describe your most important non-familial relationship, and its significance.    Should women meet the same standards as men if they want to do the same job?  Why can't we own responsibility for the culture that slavery produced?  What about illegal  here 30+ yrs w/ ITIN, pay taxes n no criminal record ?  What is your understanding of how a policy proposal actually become a Law?    Who do you think should serve in the military?  Should companies have eminent domain power to take private property for profit?   How will you protect the world from future health epidemics?  How do you plan to restore the integrity of the DOJ and the FBI?  Is it acceptable for a politician to have a 'private' stance on issues?  What should be the punishment for unintentional exposure of national secrets?   What was your involvement in weapons sales to Libyan and Syrian rebels?   Will you encourage Congress to reintroduce the Equal Rights Amendment ?  How will you support neighboring countries of Syria in the refugee crisis?  What would you say to the millennial voting population to get them to vote?  Will you help the USA make friends or make enimies  Which responsibilities belong to the citizens instead of the President?  How do you feel about public protests such as Colin Kaepernick?  What are your views on English-only legislation?  How will you create more jobs, by raising taxes or cutting them?  As President, what steps would you take to decrease political polarization?  Can you tell us of your plan to help the towns and people affected by Free Trade  What will you do to help those serving in our military, get the help they need?  Do you support removing Department of Education as a Department?  How do concerns about reliability  for wind and solar energy affect your policy?  Will you see that laws are equally applied to senior government officials.  If you are elected what would you do with the hundreds of FEMA detention camps.  Is corruption in the Federal Government widespread or only occasional.  What are the advantages and disadvantages of each leg of the nuclear triad?  Should the United States continue to fund nuclear power?  Do you support American's imperialism role over its colony of Puerto Rico?  Who was an influential mentor to you, and how did s/he shape your worldview?  Can you name the leaders of five countries in the middle east?  Without spending any money, how can you stimulate the economy?  Berlin is obliterated by a terrorist nuclear weapon. How do you respond?  Will you address violent race/social justice protests differently than any other  In your opinion, who is God?  Should the separation of church and state be strictly governed?  How do you decide what is right and what is wrong?  Why is President Obama being allowed to rein with his executive orders?   Would you support your daughter's choice to have an abortion?   Our government is bigger than the GDP of the next largest country-is it too big?  How will you lower the sexual abuse rate in the US?  Is the American Dream still a reality?  How do we return to greater truth telling in the US, by both candidates & media?  Who in your life can tell you you're wrong, and you accept their criticism?  Why do military programs get a blank check when Flint's water isn't fixed?  How will you create jobs?  Seven American kids die from pediatric cancer each day. How will you help them?  What does "advice and consent of the Senate" mean to you?  Double Homicide or Abortion... Which law would you try to change and why?   Do you believe global initiatives or  US sovereignty best define your policies?  How would you achieve reconciliation/cooperation in a currently divided country?  The Kremlin pulls a Crimea-style invasion of a Baltic country: your response?  What do you believe is the appropriate federal funding level for mental illness?  Does cyber scty plan include prosecuting people who send classified via unclass?  Who are role models for you - personally and professionally?  You are both negotiators - what are your 2-3 best negotiating strategies?  Are there problems that federal government should not try to fix?  How do you plan to support the rollout of self-driving cars?  What are your 1st term plans to simplify the tax code for individuals?  Do you think MAD is a relevant military posture today, and, if so, why?  Will you put most of the tax burden on the rich (1%)?   What will you do to change how infrastructure development is handled?  Do you believe in providing free tuition  for all college students?   Did you know that Medicare's benefits are shrinking every year?   What are 3 specific steps you will take to encourage more entrepreneurship?  What is your opinion on the way political campaigns are run  Can you stop further federal mandates in the states' education planning?  What would you say to young people to both inspire and challenge them?  Would you work to end statutes of limitation on crimes of sexual violence ?  How can I pay for someone else's college when I'm still paying on my own loans?  Can you name the three legs of the "nuclear triad"?  You are both negotiators - what are your 2-3 best negotiating strategies?  What do you believe is the most important section of the U.S. Constitution?  Do you support Jerusalem as Israel's capital?  If you could only fix one problem in your presidency, what would it be?  How are you going to address the US reliance on manufacturing from China?  Is there a laptop computer with classified information missing?  Do Black lives matter, or do All lives matter?  What have you done to defend the rights enumerated in the Bill of Rights?  Do you consider the United States and 'exceptional' country?    How would you advance public access to government information and sources?  How are you going to responsibly pay for transportation infrastructure  Why are police are empowered to take life or liberty with so little training?  Should candidates for president be required to release their tax records?  Do you support criminalizing private gun sales between lawful sellers and buyers  If the goal is altruism, why are we forced to be one-twelfth altruistic?  Why should people feel secure with you as our president?  Do you support Consumer Price Index for the Elderly to determine COLA for elder  How would you help foster cooperation across party lines in Congress?  How much does your household spend on food in an average week?  What is your stance on our relationship with Saudi Arabia?  What are your views on 'safe spaces' and 'trigger warnings' on college campuses?  How will your administration work to enact needed improvements to our Democracy?  How do you feel about the current protests during the national anthem?  What will you do to rebuild our crumbling military?   How do you plan to begin preparations for an automated economy?  What are the views by each candidate on adoption reform?  Climate Change has been proven by scientist, what will you do to fight it?  How long, how many years,  in your lifetime, have you paid taxes?   Do you believe autism is caused by immunizations?  What is your plan to improve the safety of the American public  Is the constitution outdated, and if so which sections need amending?  Regarding TPP and predatory privatization how do you propose to protect us.  Is free and open trade good or bad for the United States?  What should happen to a person that destroys government property?  How do you propose to increase the amount of take home pay for citizens/  How would you address bathroom laws regarding transgender people?  Explain what the Nuclear Triad is and explain its future development.  What exactly are your tax levels for working Americans?  What are your ideas to relieve the current Congressional gridlock?  Agree/Disagree-All laws agencies want to create should be voted on in Congress.  What action will you take to further limit Russia's access to Western markets?  A Russian Missile Killed 298 people in the Ukraine. How should the US Respond?  Will both candidates commit to sticking with the issues of the future.  Would you consider raising the taxable income line for the wealthy to $1M.   When will we land humans on the moon? on Mars?   What is a good reason to break security protocols when handling classified info?  Will you remove the purchasing of junk food and expensive foods on food stamps?  Would you support placing Congress on the GS pay and benefits system?  Would you support term limits for congressman and senators?  Do you believe that Sharia Law has a place in the United States criminal/ civil   Have you ever been under investigation before about mishandling classified info?  How will you bring about rewriting the entire tax code?    Will you pledge legislation & provide a taskForce against institutional racism?  How have you shown you are NOT above the law?  Have you ever visited a National Park, which ones?  Have you been invloved in hundreds of coverups or fewer than that?  How do you propose to address inadequate public transportation in rural US?  Do you consider it appropriate that Rosatom could buy US uranium companies?  Other than the first 5, which Constitutional amendment has been most important?  Should Government officials be  take financial donations from foreign government  Will you work with other world leaders to stop the bombing in Aleppo?  What's your plan to spur entrepreneurship and help small businesses succeed?  The Arab Spring was subverted by radical Islamists. How would you stop it now?  Which is more important  reducing the national debt or repairing infrastructure?  How would your counter-terrorism policy differ from Obamas?  What would you do about our ever burgeoning prison population?  What are the major differences between the Trump and Clinton Foundations?  Have you ever had to worry about buying food or paying your electric bill?  Would you and your family disassociate completely from your foundations?  Do you support eliminating ALL gun free zones   Why is there never a mention of the embassy related deaths under Pres. Bush?  What is your most significant act of altruism and what motivated your action?  Which three nations of the world do you admire the most and why?  Do we need a US Department of Education?  Why or why not?  What is your target and plan to reduce government spending over the next decade?  Have you lied to the American people since declaring your candidacy?  What new red line would you establish for Syria? Russia? Iran? North Korea?   Are you for or against waging a war on ISIS in an attempt to stop the terrorism?  Do you Agree/Disagree with Congress over-riding Obama's 9-11 victims veto? -Why?  How can we keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people?   What can be done to prevent abuses by "Big Private Government"?  How much foreign donations did either person get for their foundations .  Studies have shown weed as medicinal, why not legalize and tax it for revenue?  How would you cross train energy workers.  Which should take precedence in a conflict: The first amendment or LGBT Rights?  What specific role will you require of NATO to support the fight against ISIS?  What is the biggest threat to the country and how do you plan to defeat it?  As President, would you support Georgia and Ukraine's efforts to join NATO?  How and when would you use Executive Orders as President?    What should happen to a person who mishandles classified information?  Given high unemployment and more mechanization, is it time to stop immigiration?  Should a Los Alamos scientist and Secretary of State be treated the same?  What are your specific plans for childcare?  How did Americans find out about the private email server scandal?   Do you believe an illegal to US should be allowed to vote?  Do you feel that the Supreme Court has overreached its authority?  Have you disclosed to President Obama your plan to defeat ISIS so he can use it?  What specifically should police do differently to address inner city crime?  Let's get past the rhetoric and REALLY talk about guns.  Would you sign the "Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act" as president?  Will you protect and strengthen the CFPB?  In light of our Constitution, what is the true role of the federal government?  Is political correctness dividing our nation?  Are you careful in making sure your rhetoric doesn't negatively affect children?  What is your strategy for stopping North Korea's nuclear weapons program?  How will lower the rate of sexual abuse in the US?  Will you eliminate the tax on expatriates living in foreign countries?  Would you consider the restructuring of the DEA? We budget over $2B a year here  Would you put the effort into developing other energy resources?  What will you do to decrease the tension between police officers and citizens?   Would you consider giving homeschool families a tax break?  What will you do to break down the racial and ethnic divisions in America today?  How would you discourage nations infringing on US intellectual property rights?  How to reconcile growing oil and gas production in the  US with climate goals?  Where do you stand on the H2A visa issue?  Would you cancel the F-35 program as the largest DoD acquisition effort ever?  Do you support the methods and tactics of Black Lives Matter?   How will you ensure classified information is protected by government officials?  How would you describe a successful temperament for a U.S. President?  Will you commit to fully supporting NATO allies, as per our treaty?  Why doesn't "fair share" mean everyone pays the same tax rate?  what are your beliefs pertaining to God?  What should the repercussions be for compromising national security information?  What will you do to change US immigration policy away from Middle East countrie.  If elected President, what steps would you take to avoid conflicts of interest?  What do you say to white people who feel their country is slipping away?  Can you give a summary of the President's powers as given by the Constitution?  How will you stop Iran from using the $1.4 billion ransom to fund terrorism?  Discuss 3 ways your administration will begin to prepare for climate change  Would you support a New Equal Rights Amendment for ALL Citizens  Could money spent on elections be better spent?  What do you believe is the appropriate federal role in K-12 public education?   What would you do to stop an increasingly aggressive Russia in Eastern Europe?  What characteristics do you consider important for Supreme Court justices?  How will you guarantee the safety of the population from alt-right terrorists?  What is the future of education in America?  Will you give the Afghans & Iraqis who served our military the visas they earned  Will you preserve the current protections for those with preexisting conditions?  What have you done and what will you do to address poverty in the US and abroad?  How do you keep insurance co's from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions  Are children in the womb protected at all by the constitution?  What have you ever done to create jobs for US citizens?  What is your plan to address systemic bias in our national institutions?  What is your infrastructure plan? Are drinking and wastewater plans included?  What kind of commitment will you have for our 50M public schoolchildren?  What will you do to prevent and punish sexual assault in the military?  What will you do with government officials or candidates committing voter fraud?  How will you get Congress moving again?  Who are your top advisors and how have they influenced your views and policies?  How are you going to reduce the debt that has doubled in the past 8 years?  Should the STOCK Act apply to POTUS, VP & Congress/Candidates for same?  Do you support immigration preference for interpreters supported by US Troops?  What is your process for evaluating information and making tough decisions?  What specific plans do you have that are in direct opposition to Barack Obama?  Where is Gary Johnson?  Under any circumstances, should a public official setup a private email server?   How many amendments are in the constitution?   Harming our Police, looting etc.  How did giving the Russians ownership of our Urianum mines serve U.S. citizens?  How will you make this country safer, reduce crime and restore law and or order  Why do you think the state department did not send help  to Benghazi on 9/11  What do you think of George Soros and his social engineering efforts   The issue of illegal immigration,   How would you prevent the political use and practice of Government shutdowns.  Do you think Americans work too much? Would a 35 hour work week be better?  What would you do to retrain employees who have lost jobs to outsourcing?  What will you do to reach across the aisle and bring more unity to the country?  Will you support protecting sacred burial and protected lands from corporations?  Do you believe in keeping the 2nd amendment regarding gun rights.  Exactly what parts of the TPP are unacceptable/would you change?  Do you feel that the electoral collage should be dissolved?  How specifically do you plan to increase employment in this country?  What specific steps will you take to address violence between police/minorities  Do you support increased use of nuclear energy?   What is your stand on late term abortions  and unborn babies rights   How will you end corruption and ensure the independence of the DOJ?  Election Documents  What legislation would you like to see passed to combat global climate change?  If elected, how will you unite a divided country?  Should presidential candidates have independent doctors perform a physical exam.  What would u say to the families of bengazi   Do you agree with Speaker Ryan that social security cuts should be in budget?  Will you coordinate with scientists to test gmo and pesticides used by monsanto?  How would you help unemployed workers fill 5.9 million open jobs in the U.S.?   Will the Government consider rebuilding the Interstate system or an alternative?  How would you address the polarization in Congress?   The VA admin. is poor at managing Veterans health given multiple scandals.  Should a person under a FBI investigation be allowed to run for Persident?   Are you willing to release your speech transcripts & tax returns pre-election?  Handling Home Grown Terrorism  Will you support an expansion of competitive bidding to reduce healthcare costs?  What are your ideas about addiction treatment re the current heroin epidemic  What would your immigration plan do to eliminate gangs like MS13  How will your policies help working parents?  Will you faithfully and equally enforce all Federal laws for all citizens?  Does a person who mishandled  classified emails deserve a 2nd chance?  As President,  what can you do to end the gridlock in Congress?  Should convicted felons have voting rights restored?  After what week of pregnancy would you forbid the abortion of a healthy fetus?  Name three current world leaders you admire and explain why for each.  What past decision or action do you most regret?  Will you end the Drug War, and redirect those resources to a War on Corruption?  How will those who were bribed to vote against gun control be held accountable?  What is your opinion on adding dental, hearing, and vision care for people on SS  Do you understand what "Black Lives Matters'" is fighting for?  When should special investigations be used for Government corruption?  Are Islamist Terrorist entering the US disguised as refugees?   To achieve a Balance budget would you cut Congress/Senate pay & stop raises?   Why should the American people trust you  with top secret electronic data?  How will you make the United States a leader in global climate resiliency?  What will you do to address radical Islamic terrorism?  We take in 1 million legal immigrants a year. Is that too much or not enough?  Do you believe that sex ed should be mandatory in schools? If not, why?  Do you think a government selling arms to ISIS can protect US against terrorism   Will you support an amendment to the constitution to get money out of politics?  90% of Americans want some form of gun control, how will you fight for if?  How do you plan to assist and utilize NATO to stop Russian aggression in Europe?  Are there any serious health concerns that you have not disclosed to the public?  How will you earn our trust?  How are you going to insure that everybody pays their fair share in taxes?  Should our government officials be charged as every American does for corruption  How to keep Congress from raiding Social Security while saying benefits must be   How will you remove Muslim Brotherhood influence from within the USG?  Should a crook or someone under FBI investigation be allowed to run for office?  How will you support the EPA and its work on climate change.  How would you best deal with Bashar Al-Assad and the situation in Syria   Birth Right Citizenship to kids born in USA?  As President will you be for or against the TPP.  Do you consider Edward Snowden a traitor or hero?   If you had been born a member of the opposite sex, what would you be doing now?  How do you propose to eliminate waste, fraud, and abuse in the defense budget?  Should the US relinquish some of its liberty to achieve global integration?  How would you reduce the complexity of our federal tax code?  Should we halt immigration from countries that we are bombing?  What are your plans to fix the epidemic of mass shootings in our country?  Do you support term limits for elected officials and once served, never again?  Will you support a goal for your first 100 days a comprehensive reform of laws?  When will the 2.8 trillion taken from social security trust fund be paid back?  How much should the fine for hiring illegal immigrants be?  What, in your opinion, is the worst Supreme Court decision in recent history?  How will you support and protect the rights of transgender people in the USA?  Why should parents trust you to protect their kids online?  How will you address systemic racism?  Explain why a false narrative was used to describe what happened in Benghazi?  How would you protect religious freedom at home & advocate the same abroad?  Do you support the federal government using imminent domain to build pipelines?  Why do Senators and Congressmen have their own retirement and health plan?  What would you do as president regarding mandatory minimum sentences?  Was a YouTube video responsible for the attack in Benghazi?  Why are we allowing Migrant Russian Roulette into this country?   Immigrant behavior  Why does every other nation have a right to healthcare but we do not?  How will you work to close the gender wage gap?  Do you support term limits for Congress?  Do you believe in Trickle-Down Economics?  Should kids here with illegal parents be allowed to go to public school?  Shouldn't employers of illegal aliens be punished as well ad the aliens?   Will you repeal the 40% Cadillac Tax on health benefits that hits workers?  What will you do to stop 90 people being murdered by a gun every day in America?  How will you enforce existing laws to prevent  online exploitation of children?  Why is Obama allowed to secretly give billions to enemy nations?   Should there be a change in the way police officers are trained?  Teacher turnover is at an all time high. What will you do you support teachers.  Will you end the Federal Government's discrimination against white people?  Tell us about a time when you were wrong. What did you learn?  How will you protect people's right to vote?  What will you do to prevent the internet-enabled exploitation of children  How can we end the horrors of the factory farming system?  How do you plan to fix the serious gap in education between the US and Europe?  How will you combat corruption in Government?  How will you address gross inequalities students experience in public schools?  How can you justify sending money to countries that fund terrorism?  Will you nominate justices who would overturn Citizen's United?  How will you help create a more supportive environment for working mothers?  How would you make quality, affordable child a reality for every family?  What is the public interest objective of our nations immigration policy?  Will you impose a transactions tax on Wall Street activities?  Why or why not?  Why can't USA have universal healthcare?  How do we create and pay for a quality care system that works for everyone?  Why should we trust you as President?  Do you support reforming Civil Asset Forfeiture?  Should illegal/undocumented residents be eligible for government benefits?  Do you unambiguously reject any racists or other bigots who might support you?  How will you expand and enhance career and technical education programs?  What would you say to a trans kid forced to use a separate restroom in school?  What is your specific plan to address veterans healthcare concerns?  Do you support allowing Gary Johnson to participate in the final debate?  Do you believe that healthcare is a human right?  Will you reduce support for animal agriculture to counter climate change?  Why are government officials who fail to protect classified info not prosecuted? 
What's your plan to address the instability in the asian disputed maritime areas  What will you do to end the wars in the middle east?  Due to your words, denials & actions you have let supporters down, why?  Should the election process be subject to federal regs & the Justice Dept?   Natural gas is much cheaper Ththan coal,so how will abolishing regs revive coal?  Will either candidate stop attacking the other and focus telling us ther ideas?  Would you be willing to withdrawl from any jobs or financial vntures if elected?  Neocon control over US foreign policy has failed.Will you remove their  influence  What' is your position on negative personal attacks during election campaigns?  Is USA a great country, and if not, which countries are great?  How do you view corporate welfare programs, subsidies and tax breaks?   If voting machines are hackable, why should we vote for either of you?  What is your post-Assad plan for Syria?  Would you support mandatory voting, or other measures to increase voter turnout?  How will you improve the corrupt justice system that we have?  Name three women who you admire who are heads of governments around the world   Why cant we raise the income limit, for paying INTO  soc sec system?   Given the stalemate in gov. how would you implement controversial new policies?  Can the United States live with the Islamic State?  How can a presidential candidate promote unconstitutional ideas?  How will you support advances in renewable energy technology?   how will you fix this broken economy ?  Why do you want to be President?   Would you push for ratification of the U.N. Convention on the Rights of Children  How will you ensure that George W. Bush & Cheney are prosecuted for treason?  What have you learned from your mistakes? How would this impact future decisions  Why are American citizens make to buy Health care they cannot afford?   Would you support reduction of programs in the Dept of Education, and using the   Would you be willing to take the guns away from Americans?  Since parents are legally financially responsible for their minor children,  Is life in Iraq, Lybia, and Syria better or worse after U.S. involvement?  Intersected rights and freedom?  Why are you "less worse" than your opponent?  high rent  Do you believe in anthropogenic global warming?  Why would you change any tax codes if it would mean you would have to pay more?   Are you familiar to law of consecrate on social security relate to god's plan  second amendment  How will you mitigate the Nation's collective moral burden from past&future wars  Do you have any plans to address crumbling infrastructure across the country?  What will you do to reduce the rampant misogyny in our society?  Candidates response to:  NIV -John 8 -  Jesus said:  Delete Obama directives, memo's etc.?  What would you do to not allow disability as the root cause of poverty?   Isn't more taxes and Government the worst example of trickle down economics?  If ACA repealed, how to protect 129M w pre-existing conditions, and pay for it?  Would you create a jobs program to rebuild our interstates and old bridges?  Will you keep the White House food garden and will you work there occasionally?  Will you help keep sex predators in civil comm to keep us safe?  Are you in support of screening for breast cancer with mammography by age 40?   Name fifteen foreign leaders, not in North America off the top of your head.   Would you be in support of instant runoff voting as an electoral reform?  Have you ever had money in an offshore tax haven?  Did you get amnesty from IRS?  How will you curb the mass surveillance and data collection on American citizens  Would you work for a National Vaccine Mandate?  Do you believe immigrant-bashing is about jobs or racism?  What would the first year of your presidency look like?    Why should I hire you to be the CEO of my new technology startup company?  Do you support eliminating all taxes for the one percent?  How do you stand on bottled water industry sell products in National Parks?  Do you think that the UN should ensure the integrity of the US election?  Would you support a Parliamentary Democracy in the US?  Your opinion of bias in the media and the debate process?  and what steps will you take to uphold your oath to do so?  What's the difference between a strong leader and a good leader?  Are you going to bring down the corporate taxes to 15% to bring job to the U.S.A  The debate internet questions were heavily censored - your opinion?  Do you foresee reinstituting the draft at any time?  How would you fix the separation of church and state, to protect  the 1st amendm  Would you support an "opt out" system in our nation for organ donation?  What is your position regarding credit card interest rates?  Would your tax policy help or hurt the national debt? Explain.  Will we be going to war with Russia soon?  Do you support the current H1-B visa cap? If not, what would you recommend?  I have considerable mortgage debt. Do you have a plan to pay off mortgage debt?  Why isn't there a third party represented in the debate.  How is your *nomination* for President groundbreaking?   How would you fix reputations of IRS, DOJ, FBI, DOS due to proven corruption?  If you see abortion as murder, why wouldn't there be a punishment for the woman?  Why isn't Gary Johnson on the stage tonight?  How would you protect  our environment in light of climate change?  What should be done to eliminate the obvious bias in Network reporting?  Have you ever had money in an offshore tax haven?  Did you get amnesty from IRS?  What is your opinion of equality as it relates to the application of law?  What will you do to reduce the influence of Big Money on our government?   How can we eliminate the hundreds of thousands of vets scamming the system.    At what stage do you recognize the validity of an unborn American person's life?  How will your policies help workers whose factories moved to Mexico?   In your role as President, would you officiate at a same sex wedding?  How many pornographic videos have either of you appeared in?  How will you stop special exceptions of Obamacare i.e. Congress, Unions?  What are you going to stop the endless war in the Middle East?  Will you support charter schools  What do you propose we do to support people as most jobs become automated?  What 3 questions on this site do candidates know are important and answer them.   Would you ever suspend the Constitution?  Will you keep the White House food garden and will you work there occasionally?  Is your focus to cut tax and grow the economy or raise tax and grow Government?  How can we  trust you to support an issue you spoke negatively about?  New federal workforce of professional social workers to support public schools?  How will you reduce M&A activity to prevent corporate monopolies?  How will you end the FISA Court and other secret government legal systems?  Why should the American People trust you?  Which generation of American's will pay for the national debt?  What new policies would you advocate to protect classifies information?  Are the tenets of your political party more important than the tenets of the USA  Would you support commerce free news media with voter assigned funding vouchers?  How do you envision a typical day as President?  Address the feeling meaningless due to trickle-down impact of whiteness in world  Can we move to a energy economy?  How will you eliminate current gov corruption & prevent future gov corruption?  How would your your sex - your gender -  influence your Presidency?   As President how will you fix our Dysfunctional congress    How can you ever hope to accomplish your agenda as president with such polarity.  Do you support categorizing sexual assault as a hate crime?  Will you support televised presidential debates that include ALL candidates?  What will you do as president to reduce locker room banter sexism in America?   What are your top 5 public informational sources for keeping aware of issues?  Will you finally allow the ATF to go digital and allow gun studies?  What will you do to people in government that lie, cheat and steal  Where are the other presidential candidates?  What is your plan to reduce the nation's reliance on fossil fuels?  Would you support reinstating the Fairness Doctrine at the FEC?  Would you replace or get rid of Obama care?  What will you do to promote job growth in science, engineering, and technology?  Should the USA be a leader in the world for human rights? Why or why not?  Do you support a direct democracy system?  What will you do to fix tax loopholes that enable to rich to not pay taxes?  Should Presidential candidates disclose all sources of assets and liabilities?  What is your plan to stop voter suppression of minorities and the elderly poor.  Will you support A Constitutional Amendment establishing a national referendum?  What is policy on border security & dealing with captured illegal aliens.  What will you do to eliminate the power of corporations over our democracy?  How do you propose to make our counter-terrorism efforts more effective?  What does "service above self", motto of Rotary International, mean to you?   What will you do with your time if you do not become President?   What will you do to stop the banks abuse of the SBA program? Oversite division.  Would you increase investment in public housing projects?  Will you support the USA rejoining the Bureau of International Expositions?  What will you do to understand and acknowledge classified information?    Is debt and war necessary evils to sustain America financially?  Yes or No?  Do taxes on imported goods cause higher prices?  Give an example of a time you were wrong about something and apologized.  What would you advise your daughter do in response to a celebrity grabbing her p  The racial climate is very heated right now, what was the catalyst?  How do you define greatness in a nation?  What values will guide your actions to improve the lives of the American People?  Should the FBI report on the banks that caused the 2008 collapse be released?  How will you help enforce the intent of the H1-B Visa program?  Do you believe storms such as Hurricane Mathew is connected to climate change?   How do we prevent refugees' children turning into "home-grown terrorists"?  What would you do to protect and promote true equality of women  Can we have a national reciprocity law for legal carry of weapons between states  What is most important to you in selecting a nominee for the Supreme Court?  How will you work with Congress to pass the programs you propose?  Do you think the sanctity of our election process is a national security issue?  Should child dependent tax deductions be increased, and gradually capped at 2?  If elected, will you expose the illegal activities of DELTA GREEN?  Washington was the first President. How would you continue to honor his legacy?  Since there are fewer and fewer unskilled jobs out there,    Will you be a divisive president, or will you work with a split congress?  Who is your favorite President?   Describe a specific kindness that was bestowed upon you, shaping who you are.  What do you think of the Cascadia movement and organizations like Cascadia Now?  Do you support abortions for all that are a week before due date?  The war on dhas been going on since I was a child what would you do end this war  Who can't pass a background check that you want to be able to buy guns?   What will you do to stop the government from imposing flawed climate change?  What is the current status of clean water in Flint MI?  Would you work to change the structure of NATO? Why or why not?  Will you be able to focus 100% on issues that matter to the American people?  Is it ok to break basic rules, such as interrupting excessively?  How do you envision providing jobs or a living for those of us not gifted?  Will you abolish "The Patriot Act"?  Why not let a public option compete with private health care  Shouldn't it be mandatory for candidates to disclose income taxes?  What will to do to prosecute the banking officials who crashed our economy?  What are we going to do with the terrible Pacific Garbage Patch  Will you ensure  our Military service members obtain an annual Pay raise ?  How will you address the issue of those retired who still pay student loans?  What should the minimum punishment be for sexual assault?  What will you do to help with the poor and homeless?  What are your intentions regardingthe Supreme Court's Citizens United decision?   What will you do to improve the infrastructure of the country?  What is your plan for Clinton Foundation/Trump Corporation if you become POTUS?  How has Jesus impacted your life personally?  What actions would you take if ISIS used chemical weapons on US troops?  Why has technology not led to increased quality of life for the average person?  Do you believe the phrase "Allahu Akbar" is protected under the first amendment?  Describe a mistake you made in your professional life.  Do inalienable rights exist? If yes what makes them inalienable? If not why not?  How can you improve the working relationship of the US government branches?  How would you fix the increasing power of corporations relative to nation states  Under what conditions would you resign, making your vice president POTUS?  Would you use executive pardon to move past ongoing probes of your foundation?  What will you do to prevent further harmful budgetary cuts on Federal Employees   Generational economic thoughts  What measures do you thing should be taken to deal with our overcrowded planet?  What are your plans to end the boiling,burning,hanging,cutting feet off, and   Are those with more money entitled to more "speech" in our democracy?  How will you support the teaching of evolution in schools?  Grade the current administration on the economy, A through F?  Do only chumps pay Federal Income Taxes?  What are your tactics for working with Congress?   42% of Americans believe in a cover up, will you open an investigation into 911  Will you create a national jobs program?  Do you support or are you in favor of Breed Specific Legislation (BSL)?  Which of the Apostle Paul's letter is your favorite and why?  Would you eliminate the 1954 Johnson Amendment.  How will you keep our country safer than your opposing candidate will?  Why weren't Iraqi & Afghan Interpreters given US Visas as promised?  What is your process for thinking through policies' unintended consequences?  Was the 401(k) system a mistake?  Were traditional pensions better?  How did 19th C immigration policies impact society vs. your proposed plan now?  NATO  Will you follow the US Constitution and Bill of Rights as written and amended   Is the U.S. a military and economic empire? Why or why not?  Why do VA benefits continue to increase and retired military decrease.  Should illegal aliens who have competitive grades qualify for full FAFSA funds?  Would you sacrifice national security by taking money from foreign dignitaries?   What life experiences would you draw on to help heal our nation's racial divide?  Would you take money from Monsanto to run for office?   Do you think Internet companies should help find terrorists on social media?     Would you support separate taxes to fund education and research?  Sharia law forbids gays.  Most Muslims favor it.  So what gives?  Racial Relations  Would you support moving the economy towards worker owned and managed co-ops?  Should presidential nominees be subjected to mental health evaluations regularly  How would you make government more effective & efficient?  How would you stop states and cities from going broke competing for companies?  Why is the political party that you represent good for the country?   How would you support employees and retirees of foreign-bought companies?  What will you do to end the slavery that exist in America prison system today.  where do you stand on the transgender/LGBT bathroom issue?  what have you done during the course of your life to make the USA a better place  Would you support a full re-write of the tax code to favor the middle class?  How would you positively administrate our whistle blower laws, now abused?  See question below.   Will you commit and work to give the 1935 NLRA equal standing to civil rights?  Why does the house of  Representatives only have 435 members.  What is your plan for the future handling of the War on Drugs?  What are the pros and cons of managing government the same way as a business?  With what identity do you most identify and why?  Justify Politicians Taking Money  Foreign World leaders Using Off Shore Accounts  Are you planning protect or destroy animals like wildlife  What is the biggest mistake you have made in your professional career?  Will you keep accepting undocumented Cubans?  Tell us about a time when your boss told you to do something you disagreed with.  What would you do to protect human rights of the Palestinian people?  What would you do about a nuclear confrontation such as between India & Pakistan  Define who will be considered terrorist when you are president.      what are you planning on doing to help support the military and their families?  How will you stop Israel's violations of Palestinian rights and promote peace?  How do your respective foundations reflect your values?  Will you act to end the US global Empire and promote a more peaceful planet?  What steps would you take to ensure the seating of a new SCOTUS Justice?  What will you do to repay the 2.6 Trillion that Congress has borrowed from SS?  How can Americans trust you to follow through on campaign promises?  When did you first develop a passion regarding what you wanted for this country.  Do you consider yourself a feminist?   If elected, what specific policies will be your priority in the 1st 100 days?  How do you feel personally about paying taxes?  If you believe America is not great now, what era in American history is?  Policies are advertised for the middle or upper class. What would help the lower  Do you think Climate Change is a national security concern?  Trickle-Down & Keynesian Capitalism have both failed. Why not try Socialisim?  What is your plan to deal with opioid addition and homelessness across the US?   Why are SSI payments so low? Would you increase these support payments?  Do you have any views on whether the Supreme Court has exceeded it's powers?  Why do private citizens need to own assault type weapons?  Are you eligible to obtain a security clearance  How will you ensure equal rights for all?  What does privilege mean to you & which privileges contributed to your success?   How  would you create a permanent repository for all our radioactive waste?  Please describe the U.S. legal principle of due process.  Since boarder security paramount to our security how will you stop influx   Did Ambassador Stevens life matter?  How relevant is marital fidelity to the United States Presidency?  Would you consider using nuclear weapons in a first strike?  What would you do in the first 100 days to begin a remedy for climate change?  How will keep staff and contractors safe at US embassies and consulates ?  Why isn't there an  open, public "conversation" on important issues?  How would you react to contact with intelligent extraterrestrial life?  What will you do to support education in the US, from pre-K through university?  How can we ease the tensions between the police and African-American community?  What additional support would you provide for children who are in crisis?  What will you do to demand TV & radio operate in the public interest?  Please explain what you see as America's path forward with force projection.  Is America a Christian nation?  How would you enable government transparency and separation of powers?  What will you do to preserve, protect, and expand Social Security?  What are your thoughts about the use of solitary confinement in prisons?  Name 3 things you've done to improve the lives of a large number of women.  Should the President learn to use modern technology?  Do you endorse repeal of all statute of limitations on financial sector crimes?  Our society has failed everyone who lives homeless. What can we do to help?  What is your position on Net Neutrality and common carrier status for ISPs?  Will you increase military member benefits and close the gap to private sector?  Do felon voting laws disenfranchise minorities?   What lessons did candidates learn from their support for the war on Iraq?  How will you, as president, ensure that gay marriage stays a federal right.  Supported Employment for Young Adults with Disabilities   If elected, how will your administration differ from President Obama's?  How will you better protect our men and women serving overseas?  What values did you work to impart to your children when they were young?   Should there be greater oversight of the Federal Reserve?  What will you do to stop the downward spiral of moral degeneracy in our society?  Will you commit to more vigorously and consistently enforcing anti-trust laws?  Why don't we go to a vote by mail system?  Will you oppose and veto attempts to further extend copyright terms?  Farmers work everyday to feed America, what will you do to ensure their success?  Specifically, what part of your plan helps to create jobs and what type of jobs?  What is your position on globalization and eventual one-world government?  What would you do to help defend public institutions against cyberattacks?  Can you explain why you are the best candidate?  Would you be willing to lower the tax on withdrawing money from IRAs for seniors  How do you plan on dealing with the terrorist cells in the US,   How precisely will you avoid conflicts of interest?  What would you do to ensure the fourth amendment is protected?  Why do so  many billionaires support the democratic party?  Are there any existing executive orders that need to be eliminated?  Obama doubled the Federal Debt in his 8 years, to twenty Trillion dollars..  How would you stop revolving door lucrative soft jobs after government service?  When will something be done about illegal mexicans   Should government employees be charged for violating the Espionage Act?   Will you restrict entitlement programs and give incentive back to people to work  Why haven't either of you denounced what even Temer admits was a coup in Brazil?  What is your position on Dakota Access Pipe Line RE Human Rights & Environment?  What can we do to curb predatory price increases by drugmakers.   How do you intend to relate to Congress?   What, if anything, do you plan to do to combat human trafficking?  Why are qualified Third Party candidates are not invited to participate?  Why don't you release information to the public if they request it?  How would you alter or change Obamacare, if you made it to office?  How important is transparency and honesty in politics?  Do you agree with the DNC or RNC preventing 3rd party debate participation?  Can you explain the "Hastert Rule"?  If elected, will you preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the US?  Welfare Reform has not worked. what will you do about the 47 mil in poverty?   Do you believe racism still exists today in our nation?   Will you provide full disclosure on UFOs?  What have you done to create jobs?  In your immigration policy, will preference be given to skilled immigrants?  Will you change the way Military Retirees and SS Recipients get COLA increases?  What will you do about the overwhelming left wing bias in universities?  Has political correctness gone too far?  What will you do to remedy the problem of skyrocketing health insurance costs?  What would you do to change a rigged system that favors wealth and power?  What will you do to promote and expand the use of rooftop solar power?  Do you support the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program?  What common ground does left & right share and what change is actually possible?  How can a globalized vision for America guarantee safety for our citizens?  What qualifications do you possess for ensuring the security of secret intel?  How would you address the corruption that allows genocide of American people?  What would you do to move us back from being a plutocracy to being a democracy?  Do you believe that human caused Climate Change is a big problem?  Does Honesty Matter?  What lessons from Germany in the 1930 and 1940s should inform our politics today  How can we retrain our workforce to reflect the changing global economy?  Do you plan to scrap all of TPP or will you keep some of it and change parts?  Do you support ending the Federal Reserve?  What will you do to advance technical education as a valuable career move?    Please detail how you will reduce federal expenditures to balance the budget.  Does everyone in America have the right to a college education?   What is your take on a womens reproductive rights?   Would you preserve the nuclear treaty with Iran?  What is your stance on legalized abortion?  What is your plan for reducing the tax burden on small businesses?  What mistake, or mistakes, have you made over the course of your career?  Why can't 1/2 of the nearly $6 billion we spend on war be spent on Peace?   Do you think Social Security is an entitlement and why?  How would you reform the tax code to be fairer to middle income people?    Should the government restore CDC funding for studies on gun violence?  What will you do to reduce the wealth disparity between the 1% and the 99%?  Has either of you ever once engaged in "pay to play" schemes?  What will you do concerning open borders and the inflow of illegal aliens?    What do you feel is the most important aspect of the Black Lives Matter movement  Why is the cost of prescription drugs so high - even for Medicare recipients?  Should capital gains be taxed at the same rate as income?  If u were under fire at the CIA annex in Benghazi wud u want the govt tosendhelp  How has your history of working on behalf of others prepared you to be president  Is the rise of mass killings in America a gun issue or a mental health issue?  Do you believe in science?  Moving away from Fossil Fuels.  As President what are you going to do about vetrans benefits ?  Would you support limiting time and money for a presidential campaign?   What's so wrong about giving jobs to Americans over illegal immigrants?    Do you support tax break loopholes for special interest groups?  Will you support a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants?  How will you support local government to address homelessness.  Once in office, how will you ensure a transparent, curruption-free  Presidency?   What will you do about climate change? Will it be a priority?  What does "separation of church and state" mean to you?   How can we heal the ideological divisions and polarization in this country?  What is your position on federal drug laws in states where marijuana is legal?  Do you support the Equality Act?  Voters want  third party candidates in the debates- do you support this?   Should a civilian exhibiting free speech ever be jailed for it?    Do you support eliminating special benefits for Congress?  Do you favor public funded election campaigns?  Would you have the DOJ prosecute current or former administration officials?  What will you do to improve race relations in the United States?  What will you do to regulate the pharmaceutical industry and prescription drugs?  What would you do to prevent systemic fraud in financial institutions?  corporate tax dodges  What, if any, changes would you make to the U.S. meat and dairy industries?  How are you going to support the indigenous peoples of this country?  What steps will you take to address  both illegal and unjust legal immigration?  How will you build a global coalition to fight terrorism and promote peace?  Will you support returning classrooms to our teachers?   Do you feel that as a matter of national security, that we have a system in   Before Election Day, would you consent to an independent mental health exam?  Do you support keeping our public lands in federal public hands?   Do Illegal Migrants,and Refugees have inherent constitutional rights to vote ?   Do you support public school teachers' unions?  Will your appointed FED chairman make the necessary changes to end stagflation?  Should military expenditures be audited and fraud  vigorously prosecuted?  How do you feel about Obama giving the internet over to the UN IT MUST STAY    What is your stand on civil rights violations against native americans + blacks  How will you move America toward a sustainable food system?  Do you support concealed carry legislation when statistics show it saves lives?  Grazing Act is over 100 years old. What chgs, if any, would you make?  Same retirement & health care all govt employees, Pres, VP, congress.  What can be done to get rid of loop holes so every single person pays taxes  If elected, what will be your FIRST priority and detailed step as POTUS?   Will you eliminate the TPP and TPIP?  Immigration of Syrian Refugees  Is it a role of the press to fact-check the candidates responses in debates?  How will you support Native's Treaty Rights, when they're broken by a gov agency  When will America put America first, instead of Syria, Germany, China, Etc?  You both claim to be Christian: how have your actions demonstrated your faith?  Are you aware of ocean acidification, and what would you do about it?  Based on past decisions, is your opponent trustworthy? Why or why not?  What would you do to ensure increased maternal and paternal leave?  How will you ensure my safety here at home from radical Islam?  Obama "borrowed" millions of $ from SS for Obamacare. When will it be repaid?    What will you do to help farmers transition to sustainable agriculture methods?  Do you support labeling or restricting GMOs in the U.S? Why or why not?  What is TPP? Do you support it?  Why do you/or don't you support TPP.  How will you stop the narcotic epidemic ruining R cities and health of innocents  What can you do to bring pay for the military up so they don't need foodstamps?  Would you support a national voters registration?      Would you support the downsizing of the federal government?  Define sexual harassment. How should boys and men be educated about this issue?  How do you plan to protect animals from abuse?  How will you resolve the question of Native rights in Dakota Pipeline situation?  Beyond the rhetoric, just what are your concrete plans to help veterans?  What steps would you take to grow America's space program for the future?  What will you do to address the school-to-prison pipeline and systemic racism?  Why were emails deleted after congress had subpeaoned them?   The shooter voted but he was not a citizen.  How will you protect our voting?  How will you fix our corrupt judicial system and increase accountability?  Will you take a pledge to stop insulting each other & focus on the issues?  Do you support restoring voting rights to  felons who've served their time?   How will you help working families w/young kids w/quality childcare & paidleave?  Why are we letting in adult fighting age unvetted men from Syria as "refugees?"  Do you support using traceable paper ballots and voter ID to reduce fraud? 
How open is either Candidate to Decriminalizing Cannabis to combat addiction  Medicare/Medicaid over spending  Is quality health care a right or a privilege,and what is your health care plan?  How would higher education affordability affect the Department of Education?  Would you support opening debates to third parties regardless of how they poll?  what will you do to undo the corruption in government   Walls or bridges? How do we handle issues with allies and neighboring countries?  How can we pay for war endlessly yet not pay for college or healthcare?  Affirming Your Honesty During the 2016 Presidential Debates  Should Christians change their position on gays rights?  Should Muslims? Why?  Would you help lead the movement for free and fair elections?  Would you support mandating a six-month limit on any election season?  Do you have any idea what your electric bill was last month?  Can you tell us about any jobs that you have created for this country?  What will you to to stop government from encroaching on the lives of citizens?   How will you help residents in areas impacted by resource extraction?  What will you do to assert our power to other world powers?  what will you do to increase the monthly amount for social security   Small business employs approximately 80% of the US workforce we are told.  Credit card interest rates are outrageous what can we do to stop the increases  As president, what will you do to rebuild our military to its former strength?  What will you do to prevent mass shootings?  Do you support the privatization of education, letting capitalism do its job?  What do you consider the criteria for workable and fair trade agreements?  Do you support the elimination of useless government programs such as the IRS?  What are we going to do about the serious addiction problem in US?  Coal is not the answer, so how will you help Appalachia?  What steps would you take to stop pork barrel spending?  Will you help areas hit hardest by the decline of the coal industry? How?  Should FBI investigated elected officials be disqualified from being POTUS  Will you abide by Article 2 of the US Constitution?  How will you handle people with preexisting conditions if you change the ACA?  Why can't we shop for healthcare outside of our home state?  Should a candidate be required to have a mental evaluation & mandatory drug test  Why are we still paying sugar subsidies? & when will these types of things end?  How would you repair the damage done to the USPS by the 2006 Lame Duck law?  As president would you sign legislation to return to the gold standard?  Should the Supreme Court of the United States have term limits?  Do you support alternative voting systems such as Ranked-Choice Voting?  What basic needs do you believe ALL Americans, without exception, deserve?  Regardless of age, sex or race, do you believe in equal pay for equal work?  How will you protect all citizens' 1st Amendment rights and still keep us safe?   How will you fix the FDA and their revolving door with Big Pharma 
How will your education agenda prepare students for our global society?    How can you address the cycle of poverty and racism in the role of president?  Negative campaigns become toxic anti-US propaganda overseas. Is this treason?  what demonstrates your ability to place my well being above your self interest  what are you going to do to keep my children safe in school?  What is the candidates position on stem cell research.  What would you do, if anything, to address the quality of public school lunches?  What  would U do to insure  jobless find needed training  for available jobs  How would you describe your leadership style?  How do you make decisions?   Some say the US military is "weak and decimated." How is that possible when we s  How can you reinstate morals in the country so everyone respects each other    Would you make congressmen wear their donors badges openly in the house  Emerging Markets  Would you support to break down the Brenton Woods conference world order?  n what ways will you reform mental health care, which has been ignored?  Explain the constitutionality of poll watching vis-a-vis the 15th ammendment.  What will you do about the the Over crowding, and over use of  the Prison system  What will either of you to get control over the IRS regulations?  How would you address the high cost of American workers?  What makes you proud of our country and why?   Ask each to recite "Pledge of Allegiance" and if they believe in what they said.  To what extent are you a populist.  social security  How would you attract the best talent to your administration  What is your stance on the FADA?  Describe the branches of the government & then other How a bill becomes a law?  What will your policy do that the other candidate will not?  If China is so bad, why would we want to build a wall like the one they've got?  Would you support a financial speculation tax?  Would you increase the federal minimum wage?  Can you tell me what a direct answer to a direct question looks like?  What will you do to hold our police forces accountable to the people they serve?  Explain how bombing hospitals in Syria helps identify the US as a moral compass.  What should be more important to Americans?  How will you change the world?   Address each one of the following points below with detailed action plan.   What are the limits of Executive authority  What would you do to stop terrorism in the USA?  Why did our government pledge to GIVE $38 Billion to Israel in the next 10 years  What is your position on holding an article V convention of states, why so?  What role did you play in opposition or support of the Vietnam War?   Would your support an oath for ALL elected candidates to read Constitution   Some say the US military is "weak and decimated." How is that possible when we s  What are you most scared or nervous about if you get elected president?  Are alternative news outlets a good source of information?  How will you create jobs for Americans in an increasingly automated world?   What do you plan on doing with Federal Tax dollar support of Planned Parenthood?  Will you work to get money out of politics, and if so, how?  How is your tax reform is going to make sure that we all pay our fair share?  What, personally, will you do to make sure that my community feels safe again?  Would you support taxing ALL political war chest funds > $250K, to pay US debt?  Hate Speech - How do we live with the results after the election?  WHAT WILL YOU DO TO MAKE SURE THAT AMERICA HAS A FAIR SND BALANCED NEWS MEDIA.  What do you think about the Iran Deal? Why or why not will the deal last?  Name a power the president does not have?  $5 billion+ will be donated in this election. Name one more worthy cause.  What made you decide to run for president? What drove you to run for office?  do you believe the government has a role in helping families afford child care?  Should a politician say something to voters and say the opposite to Wall St?  Will you decrease the payroll taxes and the paperwork on small business  Will you decrease taxes on middle and low income taxpayers?  What would you do to reduce soil erosion down to "T" on all cropland?  Why should a principled person vote for you?  Would you support a program to allow every high school student to travel abroad   What will you do to increase transparency?  Is it OK to get ahead unfairly and then prevent others from doing the same?   What will you do to increase peace and stability globally?  Do you ever post your own tweets or does your staff handle all social media?  Do you believe in having "a public persona" & "private persona"?   How will you help ensure disabled people are being paid an equal, living wage.  Is openly soliciting a foreign country to attack us the definition of treason?   What is freedom of religion?  How will you protect the lives of the unborn?  What specifically will you do to help the economy grow?  Would you support a $5 Trillion  infrastructure  improvement national plan?  Why should we consider candidates that have such drastically low ratings?  What, personally, will you do to make sure that my community feels safe again?  Do you think we should fund out military more or less after retirement?  Should we expect this kind" rush to judgement before knowing the facts" reaction  What purpose did weregeld serve in the Salic Law?  Should drones and land mines be part of US domestic and border security?  How are you planning to make life easier for hard working Americans?  Should more laws be created, or should more laws be repealed?   will you be able to provide for the stability of the united states  What is your plan to help Americans with student loan burden of 20 plus years?   Do you support Roe vs. Wade?  How can the US better work with Jordan in the Middle East?   Would you consider a ban on automatic weapons?  How will the 19.6 trillion in debt impact us? Do you have a plan to address it?  WHAT IS YOUR STANCE ON TERM LIMITS  Are online polls a credible way to gauge the political opinions of Americans?   As to the ERA, what would you relate to younger voters as to discrimination?  Would you push a missle defense system to shield the US from a nuclear attack?  What will you do to ensure a disabled kid's right to a safe education?  Do you support voucher programs?    What is your position for converting Medicare to a private, voucher system?  What should happen to a company found to have violated the U.S embargo w/ Cuba?  How do you plan on uniting communities?  How do you envision a health care system for all ?  What will you do to stop criminal activity in cities such as Detroit & Milwaukee  What will be the national debt at the end of either your time in office?  Specifically, what would you do end the Terrorist threats from ISIS & others?  Would you support and propose a two-step voting system?  How has your faith helped you through public cases of marital infidelity?  Will you pledge to overturn Citizens United?  You believe freedoms in bill of rights to be explicit, or they can be regulated?  Explain your plan on how you will decrease the national debt.  What will you do to make education a priority?  What is your response to the Obama Administration's reaction on HB2?  Would you expand military & economic relations with Indonesia to counter China?  Is censorship an important issue in today's world?  What is your opinion on privacy rights of American Citizens?  Would you support replacing First Past the Post with Alternative Voting?  How do you see the Technology superpowers effecting the government?  Name one time you failed at something & how you overcame it & what you learned  In an election craving bold new ideas to solve chronic problems, what are yours?  What is the 19th amendment?  Law & Order are very confusing words. How do you understand them?  Which single, specific policy goal you have advocated is most important to you?  How do you plan to implement your agenda, given congressional opposition?  Are you in support of term limits for Congress?  what have yo done to increase the incomes of the people who work for you?   Do you support a monument for Harambe?   What do you think the governments role is in making college more affordable?  Name two or three things your foundation does that you are most proud of.  What will you do to stimulate the economy?  What personal qualities do you view as being essential to the job of President?  Which historical politician would you consider yourself to be most like? Why?  Please articulate your guiding doctrine with respect to foreign policy.  Would you support public elections for Supreme Court Justices  Do you believe taxes should be progressive, and to what extent?  What will you do to ensure that rural Internet infrastructure keeps up?  Should violence in interactive entertainment, such as video games, be regulated?  Should women have reproductive choices?  Would you make climate science compulsory subject at high school   Would a wall prevent companies, jobs and trillions of dollars from emigrating?  Was Trump University a real university or was it a fraud?  Should women be punished for abortion? If so, why?  as president will you allow bible commentaries to be read in public schools  What, in your opinion, is the virtue of paying taxes?  Is it OK to delete any emails that created or received by the public sector  do you believe the holocaust happened  What does "respect" look like to you?  What would you do about donations to members charity' serving in our government?  Would you endorse Carbon Fee & Dividend legislation to combat Climate Change?    How will you make more jobs in the urban or less fortunate places?  Are too many people going to college only because our culture says they need to?  Would you support the US ratification of the CEDAW treaty?  Wouldn't a national health care system remove a burden to most companies?   Are you for or against globalism?  Do you believe the mega-churches should be granted tax exempt status?   Do you believe that raising the minimum wage would really help America?  How will you create a stable economy rather than the traditional boom/bust cycle  Do you have the mental health, physical health, and stamina to be President?  Are you physically capable of handling presidential duties?  What issues must take a backseat to address the debt crisis?  Do you believe that a cartoon frog is responsible for popularizing racism?  Should the President's relatives be paid to give speeches in foreign countries?  How do you hold yourself accountable to the media and citizens of this country?  How will you maintain a strong relationship with the country of Russia?  How would end the wage gap between men and women?  What steps will you take to fix the issue of rape culture in our society?  Do you support criminal action against fossil fuel industry akin to tobacco ind?  What are the top five ways to take out ISIS?  Do you support the instituting of proven methods to reduce election fraud?  what is your plan to quell all the riots that are currently going on?  Should abortion be legal or illegal?  I am a Blue Collar worker, What will stop Business moving away?   Why should supporters of 3rd party candidates consider voting for you?  What would you do to ensure the growth of Unions to help workers?  How can the candidates relate with the average American?  Would you support ending taxation of social security benefits.   Does the vetting process for refugees from other countries need to be changed?  How important is protecting Americas sensitive information to you?  Already their taxes cut 50%, why should we cut corporate taxes MORE?    How will you increase employment in the USA  How is it possible to run for office if criminal intent and  treason suspected   Is the right to bear arms still an important American ideal?  How will you fight against H-1B abuse?  Is radical Islamic terrorism a problem in the world today?  Do you support the GOP budget and the elimination of SS and Medicare?  With long-term unemployment, low wages, & overpopulation in many communities'...  Do you support campaign spending caps?  What will you doabout same-sex marriage? What rights will ALL LGBT couples get?  What is your positive vision for the United States of America?  What are your plans for taking care of the elderly?  Do you believe requiring an ID to vote is racist?  Once a fetus is fully viable outside the womb should abortion be allowed?  What are your thoughts regarding the TPP?  How do you think improved education will support the US overall?  How safe or unsafe do you think our country in regards to terrorism and why?  How are you going to handle the ever increasing welfare problem in the US?  What changes will you make to allow physicians more contact time with patients?  How would you rebuild the middle class?  What are 3 things you will do to reduce the influence of corporate lobbyists?   Would you make climate crisis national and critical priority?  Will you both pledge during this debate not to interrupt the other?  How will you FORCE CONGRESS to tax US products made overseas?  Should all refugees be required to attend assimilation programs to learn US laws  What would you do about foreign donations to members serving in our government?  What will you do to protect the LGBTQ+, race, & religious equalities?  Do you support privatizing Social Security and Veterans healthcare?  How are you going to help or solve the student debt crisis?  What are you thoughts regarding voter fraud?  How do we meet international standards for the use of deadly force by police?  What is your position on lowering capital gains taxes for the Middle Class?  What should we do about the poor right now?  What is your view on the "Black Lives Matter" Movement?  What will you do to ensure that American jobs stay in America and not overseas?   What are your specific ideas on illegal immigration?  How will you FORCE CONGRESS to stop "corporate economic treason?"   What will you do to further President Obama's legacy on climate change?  By lowering taxes, where will the money come from to maintain social programs?  what would you do to help restore confidence in the federal government?  What is your plan to defeat or immobilize ISIS?  7 million illegal aliens are working while 55 million Americans aren't.  Why?  How will you get insurance companies to participate in the ACA exchanges?  What would you do about foreign donations to political party's?  What policies do you support for individuals with disabilities in our schools?  What would you have done differently than President Obama?  Should government officials be allowed to use private servers and delete emails?  Do you support elimination of the earnings cap on wages subject to the S.S. tax?  Do you support the forgiveness of Student Loans for Americans?  Do American's deserve to see candidate's tax returns despite an ongoing audit?  What are the proudest achievements of your non-profit foundations?  How can you justify federal employees making 78% more than private sector ones?  Will you lead our nation to stop abortion of unborn infants which is murder?  How will you deal with the continued encroachment by Israel on Palestinian land?  Why are we still in the UN and allowing them to be located in the US?  What will you do to reduce the power of the drug companies.  How will you protect America's civil liberties?   What will you do to reduce gun violence and mass shootings?  How would you go about lessening the violence in the black communities?  Fresh water is at premium in this world.  Would you strengthen EPA, clean water?  With all the authoritarian campaign rhetoric how will you protect our liberty?  How will you diminish the influence of money on politics?   What will you do to protect us from fraud by Banks and Financial Institutions.  Given authoritarian & misogynistic campaign rhetoric how will you ensure liberty  Should foundations accept money from countries with human rights violations?  With fresh water at a premium, why are we not protecting it?    What types of judges will you appoint to the Federal bench?  Would you support auditing the fed?  Should Catholic hospitals be required to perform elective abortions?  How can we change the law so that executives are prosecuted for financial crime?  What is your proposal to rebuild our nation's infrastructure? 
Will you raise minimum raise to 50$  Is the current equivocation doctrine potentially catastrophic?  how will changing taxes improve the government?  What will you do if Aliens invade  What is the supreme sin of a profane society?  Why are politicians so afraid of eliminating the IRS and trying something new?   Do you think that by raising minimum wage inflation would increase?   How would you make sure the future of America is how you want it to be?   What plans do you have for America in the four year term if you win?  Would you change the rules to allow anybody running for POTUS to debate?  Hasn't the systematic efforts to dismantle Americandemocractic institutionshurt?  Isn't be declared an apostate tantamount to a death sentence in Islam?  Isn't terrorism a tool of choice in our war?  How is your Foreign Policy better than the other candidate?  Will You guys protect national landscapes from terroist attacks.  How would you deal with north korea gaining in nuclear weapons   When will you reduce the civilian fed workforce by 20%+?  How are you going to deal with the fact that the food that we eat is killing us?  What specifically would you do to improve our countrys infrastructure?  How can you make healthcare affordable for every citizen?  is isis a hoax?  Is naming our efforts a war against "terrorism",  only a tactic?  If you had been a speaker at Simon Peres' funeral what would you have said?  Will you sunset all "independent" federal agencies each year?  How will you ensure that Israel remains the strongest of allies for the USA?  How will you ensure that America remains the world's superpower?  Should America be on a war footing at present?  Have we been using the full resources we need to win the war on terror?  Will you make it so emails can be seen if deleted  How will you provide the moral order that ties one generation to the next?  How can you make healthcare affordable for every citizen?  If war with North Korea starts, how will you deal with it and what will kids do?  Isn't the threat of totalitarian ideology (Islamofacisim) real?  Aren't we exercising increasingly despotic control over the country?  How will you eliminate unions for fed government employees?  What do you plan to do about global warming, do you believe it is happening?  Is terror, after all, an instrument of war, not an enemy?  Name 5 main planks of your party's platform and how your policies align.  How will you limit the Supreme Court's judicial-review power?  Aren't power hungry,  money grubbing, career politicians a magnet for illegals?  What will you do to regain the trust Americans have in government.  Will you support and act via constitutional government?  Describe a time when you made concessions in order to achieve an agreement.  Name 3 pieces of federal legislation of greatest benefit to the American people  Would winning candidate eliminate the Inaugural Parade and Balls?  What really will you do to help out the middle class in America?  Is our fed govt rotten w/ corruption, overblown w/bureaucracy, ineptitude,waste?  Will you eliminate lifetime tenure for federal judges?  why is alcohol and tobacco legal but medical marijuana is not in most states   Will you eliminate the IRS?  When do you feel it is proper to lie in order to protect our country?  Will you rein in the FCC so we can have good Internet for everyone, everywhere?  What do you plan to do about global warming, and do you believe it is happening?  what can you do to help us fight isis  What is your view on increasing/decreasing immigration?  How will you choose to uphold our relationships with other countries?  Will you support and act on eliminating the death tax?  Should churches be allowed to claim 501c3 tax exemptions?  What Would You Do to Make Healthcare More Affordable?  What are your views on global warming and what about it is most important to you 
If not elected, will you continue to  fight for your campaign promises/plan?  What is your position on Anorexia and Obesity issues, how can those be fixed?  How are you planning on handling PROMESA, once you become President of the USA?   How will you handle a divided government?  Would you allow Puerto Rico to declare bankruptcy?  The PROMESA bill has austerity measures to Puerto Rico. How do you plan to help?  Why do we send so much money to Israel?  Puerto Rican should we give them a choice to be state or give it back to them   Why aren't immigration laws enforced in the U.S.? 
What will your policy be toward Afghanistant if elected, in terms of military?  Why are we drawn into certain wars but no others.  Would support mandatory, scheduled constitutional referenda?  If a fetus tests positive for Zika, should the woman consider an abortion?    VOTE!  Should Catholic hospitals be required to perform elective abortions?  Should the laws for corps in giving  to campaigns apply to other entities  What is your plan to reign in looming double digit premium increases under ACA?  How do you relate your prolife/prochoice stance with children's rights support?  Who is your closest personal advisor and why?  Where do you see the possibility of compromise with the other party?  How will you select a cabinet the reflects a cross section of perspectives?  Do you truly understand the daily struggles of everyday working people?  Why can't American corporations be required to keep their headquarters here?  Can you insure Black youth receive the same opportunities as white youth?  When are you going to start rebuilding our military  Why do you think that many of the debate questions are  ugly and beligerent?  How will you end our policy of imperialism and fomenting war?  politicians lies re over 55  Is eliminating hate speech important? Is it constitutional?  What is your position on GMO's?How will you support your position as president?   What will you do to Repeal the 26th Amendment to the U. S. Constitution?  How should schools provide building safey and personal security for students?  How will you balance the budget when you are proposing new spending/tax cuts?  Why are seniors  eligible for only $10 a month in food stamps, deplorable!?  Training and jobs programs for older Americans and Veterans  Would you support alternative voting for congressional & presidential elections?  How would your leadership help stop Sequel Assault in the Defense Department?  What would you do to support & secure our forgotten active duty military?  Does any of your plan include help for innovators with great ideas?  Will you help people who get Supplemental Security Income(SSI)?  Will you seek all diplomatic solutions before engaging our military in civil war  Why is it ok for campaigns to toss out flat out lies?  Laughable   Would you replace the minimum wage with a wage subsidy?  Why do you both support the unconstitutional idea of a terror watch-list?  Would you provide an Air Missile Defense system to Aleppo resistance   Do you accept the current administration's definition of the 'New Norm' on GDP?  What is your most impactful experience and how it affects your policies?  Do you support Tax Reform that would introduce Residence Based Taxation (RBT)?  Why should a person with your past digressions be elected as the U.S. President?  What will you do to increase accessibility to mental health resources in the US?  How many employees do you have today and how much is your total annual payroll?  Are you in favor of separate spending Bills for Defense and Education?   Quel est les changement que Madame Hyllary clinton apportera en afrique  Describe how you would deal with potential explosive Spratly Island dispute.  Should any new firearm sold in the US be a "smart gun?"  Kathy Erlacher independent from Florida  What single word do you associate with the word "Crimea"?   Are you going to tell the people how FRN grow the national debt, but USN do not?  Should those on the No Fly List be able to purchase a gun?  Alzheimer caregiver help  How  would you change the ugly and belligerent tone of the debate questions?  How will you work with Congress to help decisions get made?  How will you address the ongoing problems of bullying and harassment in schools?  How would you support local business compete against big internet retailers  Are you in favor of auditing the Federal Reserve?    will you issue an executive order to make executive orders unconstitutional?  what will you do for all the people losing there jobs   What adverse affects (if any) would Open Borders & Free Trade have on the US?  How will you fix global income tax to reduce Americans who renounce citizenship?  Do you. Elieve the common core curriculum is an effective one?  Should candidates joke about the death of foreign leaders?  Schools are failing students. When tested, vouchers worked. What's your view?  Should charities failing to aid recipients by a minimum 75% be fined or taxed?   Are we ever going to discuss Why there is no political price on two costly wars   What will you do to reunite a divided and polarized USA?  Will you attempt to keep balance in the Supreme Court?  What will you do to end the addiction to entitlements in America?  What will be your role in Western Balkan in particular the Albania and Kosovo?  Will you question the results of your presidential races?  Should the taking of a life be deemed an act of treason?  Describe States Rights & 10th Amendment. (Agree / Don' Agree)?  How do you intend to deal with Syria?  What will you do to increase accessibility to mental health resources in the US?  What will you do to address the critical issue of global warming/ climate change  What's your opinion on giving Americans with zero wealth basic income?  As President how will you represent the entire nation?   What is the difference between a socialist and a democrat?  Compare and contrast the role of the federal governmen versus taxes.  Will you support an independent scientific investigation into  9/11 ?  What does the phrase "The Establishment" mean to you?  How much have you played in Payroll taxes the last 10 years?  What are your plans to more effectively address addiction and the opioid crisis?  How will you end the oligarchy threat taking over our demicrstic government?  How does your proposed tax plan specifically close loopholes for the wealthy?  What would you do to open the debates for third party candidates as Jill Stein?  What would you do to insure Americans rights to FREE SPEECH?  Fed gov't officials create tax law, isn't it hypocrisy to ask they not be used    Why do our politicians legislate out the ability for Medicare to negotiate price  Who will you nominate as a Supreme Court Justice if you are Elected President?  Has the Russian reset failed?  Would you nationalize the Police Forces to protect all Americans from racism?  What will you do to reduce the toll violent crime is taking for our women and yo  Obama positive Approval rating vs Bush/Reagan's  How will you support the Federal workforce to ensure job security and  benefits?  How important in your list of priorities is the infrastructure: Bridges, Highway  Should Nepotism be stopped?  Is the United States moving towards Regionalization such as countries like India  How do you stop the massacres in the Mid East and how do you wipe out ISIS?  What is the plan if Obamacare is repealed?  What will you do to take guns away from criminals instead of Law abiding citizen  How will you change peoples attitude toward government in the United States?  Are you familiar with Citizens Against Government Waste?  What will be your approach for dealing with Russia & Ukraine dispute?  How would you pay reparations without making our racial divide worse?  How does your economy & jobs record reflect better morals than your opponent's?  What is the biggest problem in our country and what is your plan to fix it?  obamacare is a disaster. Who deserves the blame for it?  Do you agree with this and, if so, what will you do about it?  What is your plan regarding the war in Afghanistan?  How will you deal with disputed territorial ownership ofresources in the Arctic.  How will you stabilize the region if ISIL is defeated and not repeat the past?  What will you do to ensure the children of this country are born healthy?  How should the average American prepare herself to compete with globalization?  Would you consider the following idea to protect home ownership?  Would you support a universal draft with community service options?  How have you shown accountability? Please provide examples.  Media assaults should be stopped during the final two months of an election.  What steps will you take to maintain equality for LGBT citizens?  Do you think campaigns should only focus on the issues that the American public   When will Republicans release their plan for economic growth and job creation?  How would you counter a country's military or cyber aggression worldwide  How would you grow sustainable long term jobs geared to the 21st century  Do you support a significant simplification of the tax code?  Do you support the US defunding the UN and withdrawing, why or why not?  Government is too big & expensive. What will you do to SHRINK it's size & scope?  Regina Whitman  This past week Israel seized a boat bound for Gaza in international waters and a  How would you enforce CURRENT DOD policies on Medical Care and Retirement?  Could you name an important Constitutional amendment, other than 1st or 2nd?  What is your solution to avoid the collapse of the petrodollar?  Do you have evidence conversion therapy works?  Will you eliminate all no go zones and sanctuary cities when elected?    How will you reduce red tape and regulations to stimulate innovation?  What is your position on a no-fly zone, which could escalate tensions with Putin  Should nursing homes and Assisted living facilities continue to be for profit?  In your view is ISDS, as outlined in the TPP, a danger to U.S. sovereignty?  How will raising minimum wage work wout fallout  Federal employees that owe 3.5 billion   What will be your approach for dealing with Russia & Ukraine dispute?  Do you support the teaching of creationism?  As the leader of America, will you make sure the education system is better?  Would you make it mandatory for presidential candidates show their taxes   In your view is ISDS, as outlined in the TPP, a danger to the environment?  The EIC (Earned Income Tax Credit) has a fraud rate of over 20%; Yay or Nay?  What is your plan to help the morale of the military  How will you help the urban areas who have lost jobs to undocumented immigrants  Banks are charging over 35.00 for overdraft fees.  What will you do to help?   Can you start giving millions to Americans and not foreign countries?  To avoid conflict of interest will you remove family from personal enterprises?  Would you support creation of jobs in Mexico by US citizens and legal residents?  What will you accomplish in the next four years without congressional support?  What is your religious persuasion, and does it affect your politics?  Ronald Regan told Gorbachev " Mr Gorbachev take that wall down". Why build it  How can we monitor and stop voter fraud for this election?  What is the future of the 'Pivot' to Asia under your leadership?  How would you tackle the epidemic of increase drug use.   I want to handle my own retirement.  Why is social security forced on me?  Will you restore our military to full preparedness  What do has been the biggest failure in your life & what have learned from it?  Will you increase or lower NASA's budget.  Do you believe that illegal aliens put a burden on state and federal resources,   What will you do to help under employed Americans  What will you do to address the black on black crimes in our inner cities?  Do you support late stage pregnancy abortion?  Blind trust for outside activities?  Regarding your public service record in last 5 years what is you biggest regret?  How does your life experience enable you to relate to struggling families?  What will you do to make teachers more respected and scapegoated less?  Many in the GOP have expressed a desire for the "return of God" to public life.   Have you said/done something you deeply regretted? What were the consequences?  Why don't politicians better explain over used phrases like "their fair share"?  Many voters don't like any candidate. Should we have 'None of the Above' option?  Do you support refocusing of the Defense Budget on the Reserve Components?  Would you consider any of the following ideas to improve our quality of life?  How would you advise someone to go from dead broke to $100M in 16 years?  If you cut taxes how can the infrastructure be maintained and repaired?  As you look at America's 200+ year history, what has made her a great nation?  Will you implement a carbon tax? Or what will you do to stunt global warming  There is an action that you believe critical to do for the safety of the union.  Does debate prep resemble your approach to understanding complex policy issues  What will you do to get voters voting for you instead of against the other?  What would you and your administration do to ensure that the LGBT community is  Will you prevent white-collar criminals from settling to avoid punishment?  Will you support requiring welfare recipients to work in exchange for benefits?   Would you support a rehab program for Food/Sugar addicts to tackle obesity?  What is your plan to reform the American Prison with 2.5Mill. incarcernated?      What will you do to either amplify or lessen the impact of fear in this election  What ideas will you put in place to encourage companies from leaving the US...  Will you close the tax loopholes to stop the rich from taking years of deduction  Would you work to repeal Citizens United?  As President, what would you do in order to support our service men and women???  Describe the branches of US Government and their responsibilities.  Should control major political parties have over candidate selection be limited?   What is good for Americans in the TPP?  Do you feel that the laws of our nation should apply to everyone equally?  Concealed carry weapon permits  Provide specific details about how your foundation benefits global citizens.  Are your illegal alien policies inclusive of all nationalities and religions?  Why do you think you are the right person to grow the economy?  How do you intend to deal with N Korea's long range nuclear intentions?  Do you support a ban on cigarettes?  If 1933 were today, what would you say to the voters of Germany?  Will insurance still not be able to discriminate based on pre-existing condition  How do you plan to rein the anti-semitism, corruption and waste of the UN?  What do personal attacks have to do with the election?  How would you handle reducing the national debt.   The country is hurting.  How can you heal us?  Please be specific.  Do you support the 10th Amendment? Why or Why not?   How to feel about affirmative action?  Would you support drastically reducing money sent overseas to invest in America?  How old is the planet Earth? Ball park, is it 3,000 years or 3 billion years?  Reported Delays Continue for Veterans at Phoenix VA System.  Social Security Offset:t (GPO) and  (WEP) are unfair, what do you think?   Can you name a few of your national security advisors you'd have if elected?  What are your views on Colin Kaepernick's protests ?  Did you support the Iraq War  Why don't you push to get a qualified third party into the debates?  What are the "presidential" personal characteristics of your opposing candidate?  Can the approach of managing the U.S. like a business be successful   How do you plan to support Tourism, the #1 service export for US Trade Balance?  What is an important lesson you have learned, that impacts how you will govern?  Why is BLM given so much attention when Whites killed twice as much every year?  Does putting people to work on eroding infrastructure help it and jobs?  What do you see as the role of the US in standing up to Duterte's vigilantism?  if you support raising the minimum wage to $15, wouldn't that start an inflation  How long does it take for $100 to become $200 at 6% annual interest?  Are unborn babies entitled to rights as enumerated in the 14th Amendment?  Would you support ending exclusionary zoning so the housing market is free?  Do you think the media has been fair toward your campaign?   If USA stops taking H1B visa workers, how we will get best skills in IT  Do you know the job description for the President as defined in the Constitution  How do you intend to deal with Syria?  What will be your actions to ensure that all qualified Americans can Open Carry?  How will you address the serious threat of anthropogenic climate change?  What will you do to protect America's sovereignty from globalists?  Why do you think election fraud is an exceptable method of winning a primary?  Are politician lives more valuable than a citizen lives when guns protect them?  What is your plan to get money out of Politics?    What will you do to lower crime?  Are you in favor of a  repeal of FATCA ?  How can anyone be proud of not fulfilling their duty to pay their taxes?  Would you support decreasing the presidential election cycle to 9 months?  avoid   What have you learned from the war on Libya?  What was the most recent budget that you balanced?  The state of the nation reflects the state of its people  please comment.  What plan do you have to stop cyberbullying and internet trolls  Campus sexual assault tribunals deprive the accused of due process.   What's your position on open borders?   What is your plan to support mental health care  Why is SS being an issue  Why do you want to be President?  Do you think accepting money from Middle Eastern countries is ethical?  Would you consider any of these practical ideas for improving our lives?    As Christians, how do your polices reflect loving your neighbor as yourself?  What is the correct size for our Government?  How will you deal with government employees breaking the law or regulations?  What is your position on the Assad regime remaining in power?  Will you confront the corrupt child welfare system and incentivized kidnapping?  Are ISDS courts constitutional?  Do you feel that the government should be run more like a business?  If you could only change one thing about our nation, what would it be?  Are you going to get money out of politics? If so, how?  What are you going to do when our Muslim communities institute Sharia Law?  Would you close the tax loophole allowing businesses to write off a $billion?  Do you have a plan to support enterpreneurs bringing jobs back to USA  Why can't we make laws without attaching pork to them?  DO YOU AGREE WEALTH PRIVILEGE IS DESTRUCTIVE TO DEMOCRACY?  How do you see the balance of power in the Pacific evolving over the next 15 yrs  Should there be an automatic continuing resolution when Congress fails to act?  What would you do to address the shortage of farm workers?  What will you do to stop diploma mills such as Corinthian Colleges?  Are comprehensive immigration reform and Black Lives Matter mutually exclusive?  What trait about your opponent makes them a better candidate than you?  We spend very iittle on fusion research - what would you do in this area?  I'm a Navy veteran. How can i get better healthcare with VA!   What efforts would you take to repeal the Hyde Amendment?  How would you deal with Holocaust denial in public discourse?  Why are there only two candidates on this stage?  How has your experience with your charity informed your future policies?  Why is direct-to-consumer advertising of prescriptions drug allowed in the US?  Would you support law to stop illegals from voting &secure elections from fraud?  What to know what their plans are for seniors that have no money or a place to   What would you do to stop taxpayer legal representations to illegals ?  All states should have independent groups determine voting districts   As President, would you have supported the 9/11 Bill as passed by Congress?   Do you support the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism (JASTA) Act?  What will I do for insurance if the ACA is repealed?  How will you help the Senior Citizen of the United States get jobs to supplement  Should the filibuster be made illegal? Why or why not?  Why should we not have a none of the above choice on the ballot for President?  Would you consider a different form of minimum pay increase?  Would you support the repatriation of African Americans?  How will you stop Iran from getting a Nuclear weapon program?  Do you think the U.S. green cards issued should remain at one million per year?  What will you do to help older Americans in the new economy?  Many US citizens do not feel safe & secure.How do your plans fix this?  How do you see our relationship with Israel moving forward?  How will you prevent sea level rise from impacting military, communities...  Does the government have the right to turn America into a Nanny State?  Will you donate the salary you receive as President to a non-profit charitable o  WHAT WILL YOU DO TO REDUCE THE DESTRUCTIVE POWER OF THE MIL,IND,INTEL COMPLEX?   Could you promise to have one debate where you only talk about what you will do?  Why are you the best choice to bring new jobs and grow the economy?  How much do you want to change spending from the $4 trillion this year to next?  How do you expect to address climate change threats to our national security?  Do you believe there should be a cap on the amount of foreign aid military aid    Will you help self-employed Americans?  Do you think the media treats you unfairly?   Would you consider using public school cafeterias to help feed hungry children?  Home grown terrorists are a threat to our communities. How can we combat this?  What can we do about industries giving off too many Co2 levels?   Do You support a one time tax break for corporations with money off-shore of 10%  What regulations would you get rid of - be specific. Why? Which would you keep  What would you do as president to cut waste and lower our national debt?   what are your thoughts on Capping company executives salaries?  Should presidential candidates be able to pass the citizenship test?  Why is my healthcare discount-for-cash at least a 10-fold increase in the price?  Should the "Commander in Chief"?  What are some specific ways you could help active duty military families?    Do you support a consolidation and  simplification of regulatory and legal code?  what are your opinions on the Dakota Pipeline that is being protested?  What will be your approach for cleaning up the Pacific Garbage Patch?  Tell us the story of a person you met campaigning, and how you will help them.  Why do you think the 2nd Amendment was originally written?  What is your plan to reduce the tax gap which exceeds $180 billion per year?  Should America trust your judgement?  How do you want to make sure that black and white people are treated equally?  Do you oppose the continued Israeli occupation of Palestine and blockade of Gaza  Would you support free tuition for 2 years of military duty or community service  Is a good education a fundamental need to become a good citizen?  Can you name a foreign leader that you respect?  What SHOULD be the punishment for using a private email/server by officials?  If you are truly for the people, what will you do to help society in general?  Do you job creation numbers should also show equivalent jobs?  Will you increase investment of public funds into scientific research?  As president, how will you support passenger rail improvement?   Roughly,  how old is the planet earth?  Why is drug reimportation illegal?  Do you support our oppose current policy?  Describe how your experience has prepared you for the presidency.  what acts of charity have you ever done?    Does your policy on guns honor the memory of 9 y.o. Christina-Taylor Green?  How would you unlock the potential of low income areas to attain the American D   What will you do to prohibit the sale of automatic weapons?    Americans want to see better jobs. How will your plan make that happen?  What should be done to regulate internships?  How to change our fp so others countries pay for their illigal citizens return?  Would you support consolidation of the various Federal Law Enforcement agencies?  Qualifications for the Supreme Court   What has been your average effective & marginal tax rate for the last 4 years?  Would you consider any of the following practical ideas for improving our lives?  What constitutes acceptable spending that warrants increasing our debt?  Are you willing to release all health records and undergo a physical?  Are immigration reform and rebuilding the middle class mutually exclusive?  Can you explain the differences in the world's major religions?  What will you do to stop bashing each other and focus on the real issues  Would you support a non-partisan ethics committee to oversee Congress & SCOTUS ?  State your position on Holocaust Denial. How would you respond to these groups?  Suppose for one month you must live off of FT minimum wage. How does it go?  Why isn't passive income subject to social security and Medicare taxes?  Is it even possible to perform the duties of Secretary of State without sending   What do you plan  to do to reduce our bloated military budget?    Would you increase taxes on the job creators who are the wealthy?  Why can't the US have a high speed rail network like Europe and Asia?  What's your position on arms deals to nations with heinous human rights records?  If your opponent did it, would you request your SuperPacs to stop functioning?  Are you, the candidates, willing to take an exam over basic U.S. knowlege?  How are you going to change the food policies in America?  What is your plan for dealing with North Korea's growing ICBM arsenal  Would you appoint a Attorney General that would follow the laws equally?  You profess Christianity. Name one quote from Jesus that you live by.    Can you define "Trickle down economics"?  And why it is good or bad?  How to change our fp so others countries pay for their illigal citizens return?  What are your views on abortion? Why?   Have you ever considered switching the benefits of Medicare and Medicaid?  How do you justify the proposed NAFTA concept of a North American Passport?  What will you do to repair the eroded image of our great country abroad?   Bias and Prejudice  How will you go about balancing the Federal Budget?  Will you reform our police and address their abuse of power?  Are you willing that the US government support a tree saving an planting program  LET THIRD-PARTY CANDIDATES DEBATE.  Would you, as President, allow a third party candidate to participate in the deb  How does NSA employee keeping classified materials at home differ from a server?  Churches are more of a business therefore shouldn't they pay taxes?  Would you prosecute an employee who disclosed classified documents  How will you support religious freedom while protecting the rights of everyone?  Females MUST have equal human rights over their minds & bodies - if not why not?  How would you react to an invasion of Taiwan by China, or Ukraine by Russia?  What would you do as President if Putin invaded Estonia?  Describe your accomplishments in the last 30 years that have enriched Am. lives?  Do you support more regular non lawyer citizens serving in government?  Why is it appropriate to cause hysteria surrounding Muslim terrorists  How will you improve attendance and performance by our elected officials?  Will your trade policy inflate the cost of consumer goods or cause trade wars?  Why have so many Americans left the workforce permanently?  How are you going to prevent the further destabilization in Syria?  Describe how you will assist schools in dealing with rising mental health issues  Why not tax derivative securities at  full tax rates?  ls an income flat tax a viable idea to pay down US debt and fund new programs?  Who should have a higher effective tax rate, a CEO or their secretary?  Should undocumented citizens  have the same access to  college education?  why not single-payer health care?  Will you eliminate / cut funding to the EPA? The IRS? The Dept. of Education?  How would you dispel the hoax claiming that climate change is man made?  How will you shore up Social Security, especially foe women.  A  MAJOR BILL FULL OF PORK COMES TO YOUR DESK - WHAT WILL YOU DO?  What are your plans for getting better health care for seniors, youth, disabled?  Do Americans really want manufacturing jobs to return to the US?  How will you insure us that NO MORE ILLEGALS enter our country ?  Should all US citizens have decent regular health care?  How will you solicit the help of moderate Muslims worldwide to fight terrorism?  What are your thoughts on firearm laws currently?  Can you summarize your prior political experience, and why it qualifies you?  Would you continue to allow mountaintop removal?  We all eat, so why don't we discuss our failing food system?     What steps would you take with Immigration to increase jobs and improve economy,  Why aren't politicians expected to behave with integrity and ethically?  Save the Internet  How do you expect to pay for all your new ideas and programs?  Do you support Medicare for All and promote equality in healthcare access?  Given the supporting scientific findings about GMO food, being harmful...  How can skilled and unskilled Americans find jobs with the influx of foreigners?  What would you do if faced with a nuclear threat similar to 10/1962?  Our public school systems are failing. What are your plans to fix this?  How will you keep money in classrooms when teachers are paying out of pocket   WHERE ARE CANDIDATES TAX RETURNS FOR AT LEAST LAST TEN YEARS???  MANDATORY  Do you support automatic voter registration national policy?  What is a "Fair Share?"  Would you consider new infrastructure construction to end roadside accidents?  Do you believe that immigration helps, or hurts, our nation?  Can Washington step in if any State is reluctant to enforce the Clean Air Act?    What is your stance on federal funding for teacher salary's and school supplies?  How DO YOU PROPOSE TO PAY FOR THE SS AND mEDICARE PAYMENTS OF THE bABY BOOMERS?  Will you support a price on carbon to limit warming to 1.5 degrees centigrade?  How will you help the international community combat effects of climate change?  After the debacle of Iraq, how could we possibly go into Libya without a plan?  Will you push for a rules change to expand Presidential / VP Debates in 2020?    VOTE!  Should a candidate's tax return's history be a legal requirement.  What would you do to protect and foster relations with metacognitive creatures?  Will you put coal companies out of business to move towards renewable energy?  What is the most important thing that your tax returns say about you?  Would you invite Green & Libertarian presidential candidates to debate with you?  What would you do to encourage more scientific literacy for non-scientists?  What will you do to support civil rights for the unborn?  Do you believe suspects have the right to due process of law before punishment?  How is his country supposed fix the Immigration problem if not debate the issue   What constitutional rights have not been afforded to minorities and LGBT?  Will you get money out of politics?  How will you address human over-population, nationally and world wide?  What do you intend to do about congressional term limits and lifetime pensions?  Do you support the corporate death penalty?  Why does FBI prosecute the everyday person and not the wealthy?   Do you support term limits for Congress?  How will you increase funds to ensure staff stability in personal care services?  It has been proven that electronic voting machines and paper ballot counting  Will you consider pushing hydrogen-fuel-cell technology as part of green energy?  Illegal immigrants and supportng Military  How does raising the minimum wage grow the economy?  Were promises kept with the Affordable Care Act?  How would you promote standards of science & history for textbooks & schools?  What will you do to address the adjunct crisis in higher education?  Why are public officials or canidates above the law?  What steps would you take to close the rental affordability gap?   Should supreme court justices create laws or enforce the constitution.  What is key factor in awarding foreign aid, what metric validates continuation?  Will you choose a Supreme Court Justice that will protect the 2nd  Amendment?  Do you think a woman ought to be forced by the government to give birth?   You want to make college free, how do you plan to do that? Who will pay for that  Would you legalize marijuana?  What are your opinions on the bullying epidemic and how will you stop it?  Please respond to the revelations made by #DNCLeaks.  Should candidates be required to undergo physical exam by independent doctors  Would you support a carbon fee and dividend plan as proposed by Dr. James Hansen  How is voter fraud more important than voter suppression?  How will your policies increase ecomomic growth so more people can find work  What steps will you take to reduce sexual violence in America?  To which of you two should American voters entrust the care of our environment?  What will you do to stop black profiling ending in death of citizens.  What are your thoughts on the 2016 anti abortion law that was passed in Indiana?  Would you consider ordering gun manufacturers to install internal key gun locks?  What will you do to protect American citizens from criminal illegal aliens?  What is the least popular position you hold, and how do you defend it?  How are you going to get money out of politics?  Why didn't we declare war when our embassy was burnt to the ground in Benghazi?  How will you help communities reliant on climate-intensive industries adapt?  Exactly HOW would cutting taxes on the rich help the economy?  How will you combat voter suppression?  How do you see the effects of accelerated Climate Change on the world order?  How would you handle a situation like Benghazi if it were to happen again?  Will you advocate for reforms to private student loans & debt?  What makes you believe you will be able to get your agenda PASSED by both houses  why are H1 visa's given to foreign workers when we are losing jobs here ?   How will your climate change policy impact job opportunities in your Presidency?  The Constitution only mentions "Citizen" when discussing voting, why then  What are you going to do about the corruption in gov. for "special interests"   How will you reduce US government surveillance of citizens without their consent  In fiscal year 2016, deportations were at a 10-year low and nearly half of what   How should the US react to building aggression by Russia to our EU & NATO allies  How do we know if elected, your  focus won't be your own personal gains?   Would you enforce federal marijuana laws in states that have legalized it?  Please list your specific ideas keep Social Security solvent in the future.  Why is there double taxation on Social Security?  What are your plans on helping our veterans by fixing VA, specifically?  How do you plan to secure the integrity of the voting system.   How do you plan to place greater emphasis on the importance of the environment?  Why should a person who believes in the US take pride in avoiding paying taxes?  Regarding illegal immigration, why not focus on EMPLOYERS of illegal immigrants?  What would you do to change the tax code so that all people pay their fare share  Maternity leave  and Job Security  Should blind trusts be required for President to prevent a conflict of interest?  What standards of care should zoo and other wildlife centers be held to?  Do you plan to help senior citizens who still need to work find good work?  Would you go after " employers " or " illegal job seekers " ?  What will you do to strengthen mental health care for all citizens. This should   Will you support the Freedom of Religious Expression of Beliefs in the Public?  What is your path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants   Do you consider illegal immigrants a drain on our already sinking economy?  Would you sponsor a new Works Program Administration effort?  What is your opinion as to the effectiveness of Obamacare?  How will next president protect the integrity of the voting process   Will you keep Social Security for disabled people?  What would you do for disabled Americans?   Do you think Global Warming is real? What steps will you take to reverse it?  Should imports meet equal environmental and human standards as US made goods?  Do you see illegal immigration as a problem and if so,what is your solution?  What would you do to help with the Medicare prescription "donut hole"?  Should refuges be allowed into the USA before being fully vetted?  What steps will you take to listen to, and compromise with, the other side?  Are you going to stop pharmaceutical companies from charging too much  How do you propose to disarm individuals who should not have guns?  What are you going to do to help out our veterans in pay and medical help?  Do you think we have too many or too few gun control laws?  Do you think ObamaCare was a good idea?  Why were Americans kept in the dark regarding Benghazi?  Do you believe climate change is real, and if so, what would you do about it?  Why do you want to be President?  How will you shift support for 30M illegal aliens over to the 300M Americans?  What will you do to pay back the funds the government borrowed from Medicare/SS?  Would you support a Job Guarantee program to offer work to anyone who wants it?  How will you address the unprecedented rates of extinction of species?  Should it be a crime for government employees to use a private email server?  Why are we supporting the same terrorists that killed Americans on 911?  How will you protect the gun rights of law-abiding citizens and the continued at  How will you prevent and counter bribery in government?  Would you make it mandatory to prove your citizenship to vote?  How will you fix the broken VA Healthcare System?  If elected, would you support the decriminalization or legalization of marijuana  How will you ensure the 2nd amendment is protected? 
